 لعبة من سيربح المليونلعبة من سيربح المليون هى لعبة تعتمد على الثقافة العامة و مقتبس فكرتها من البرنامج التلفزيونى الشهيرمن سيربح المليون ...
 Dr. ComputerNew game from SUD Inc.How to play :Compose equation to meet numbers in the top blackboard with the colored numbers and symbols.SUD Inc.
 Kids learning games is all we do!In addition to the two categories of puzzles contained in the lite version (i.e. Animals and Food), this full version of Kids Preschool Puzzle also contains Transport, Geometric Figures, Numbers, Letters, Sport, Occupati...
 + Winner of the 2014 Family & Parent Choice Award, Kappi Gold Award, NAPPA Gold Award & TeachersWithApps Award+ 100+ curriculum based preschool & kindergarten learning games for 2 years old to 7 years old kids+ Learning Games, Books and Mother Goose Nur...
 Covers all areas of Project Management as per the PMBOK Guide 5th Edition:1.Project Management Framework2. Project Integration Management3. Project Scope Management4. Project Time Management5. Project Cost Management6. Project Quality Management7. Proje...
 The turtles have decided to take over the underwater Aqua world. The fearless Octoremus has decided to fight back!! In order to stop the turtles, Octoremus must ink the turtles, which magically transport them back to their own lair. The turtles, of cour...
 *Parents' Choice Silver Award Winner!* It’s Phonics Fair time! In this app from the hit PBS KIDS preschool series SUPER WHY, kids ages 3-6 celebrate as they learn reading, word-building and phonics skills through classic carnival-themed games. Feature...
 Interactive, age-adapted educational app that teaches children the time through play.“My first Clock” is ideal for children from 5 years upwards who want to learn to tell the time while having fun.How it works:Select the mode by pressing the coloure...
 Play, learn and smile with the interactive story Ray, the Brave Firefly. Ray has been invited to the Great Firefly Ball. He doesn’t know if he wants to go because he’s afraid the other fireflies will laugh at him. Ray’s light is different from eve...
 Teaching kids to spell includes much more than a list of spelling words students should memorize and write on a spelling test each week. Effective spelling methods do not rely on rote memorization, but are developmentally appropriate and hands-on. Word ...
 Let the Merry Beetles get your children acquainted with the world of numbers, shapes and colors. Your kids will awe you with their achievements. Learn through play!BabyUp: Beetles - set of early development games for your kids. Merry Beetles of differen...
 Самое лучшее приложение для развития логики и смекалки. В приложении несколько сот логических задач и вопросов.Проверьте свои интеллекту...
 Пять увлекательных игр для обучения чтению, основанных на складовой методике с проверенной эффективностью.Приложение «Учимся читать» - э...
 Jolly Phonics Bingo combines phonics learning with everyone's favourite game, using recognized phonic sounds and images this game not only will aid your child's phonic development but will also bring them hours of fun too. This app is a great addition t...
 Alfabeto Melado é um jogo pedagógico onde a criança preenche com os dedos todas as letras do alfabeto. Quando a letra é completamente preenchida, é pronunciado o nome e aparecem objetos que começam com esta letra.  Umas das aplicações mais impor...
 Play, learn and smile with the interactive story of Kolitas, Discover a World of Sounds and Rhythms. Penny is afraid of sounds she doesn’t recognize and she can’t sleep. Discover how her friends show her all the fantastic sounds and rhythms hidden i...
 Вы научите ребенка говорить звуки Л и Ль, занимаясь по веселому самоучителю 15-20 минут в день. Рекомендовано:Дети 4-8 лет – совместные!! занят...
 Lallalandia is an innovative and interactive App that transports children 0-4 years for a magical adventure through the fun world of learning. In a playful way, teaches letters, numbers, colors, shapes and sounds of words in PORTUGUESE, FRENCH, ENGLISH ...
 Ready to spend some quality time with your toddler, have fun and teach him something along the way? Well then, prepare to learn colors! Forest Animals Guess the Color is the right learning game for your toddler. This adorable, fun and exciting “learni...
 Quiz Infantil com Perguntas educativas feitas especialmente para as crianças.Seu filho irá se divertir enquanto aprende !O Quiz Infantil contém perguntas para crianças sobre desenhos, filmes infantis, heróis, conto de fadas e esportes. Além das ed...
 This is a educational and fun game for children. They'll love it !You have to drag the animals to their natural habitat (farm, florest or sea) or put the food in the guy mouth. By doing this you win points that you can exchange in the shopping for wallp...
 Este aplicativo, inspirado no famoso jogo "Show do Milhão" tem como base fortalecer os conhecimentos de uma forma simples e intuitiva.Contando com 16 níveis de perguntas, reserva um bom nível de entretenimento para o seu dia-a-dia, contando com pergu...
 First time in Play store, make your vehicle awesome and different from others.Customize and clean  15 or more different vehicles in Car Garage Fun!Clean : - Wash your vehicle- Fill air in wheels- Fill Fual and Oil- Remove Dents from vehicleCustomization...
 Meet Boo, your new virtual pet! Boo is waiting for you to pet, dress, feed, teach, clean and take care of him! Look after your adorable little Boo and play 16 exciting mini games! All for free!Give your Boo cute looks and share his best moments with you...
 Having trouble measuring angles? Angle Reader will help you learn with 3 difficulties to suit all levels of learning!For an extra challenge you can guess the angle by eye. Once you have guessed you will be told what the answer was so that you have immed...
 Please learn the basic geometric terms (planimetrics): the types of triangles and polygons, the parts of a circle and the important lines and segments such as a median of a triangle and a tangent to a circle.- Triangles- Polygons- Circles
 Those kids are so lovely! How about use painting brush to make artistic masks for them?They look more lovely wearing those delicate masks. Let’s see who will make the most beautiful mask!
 Free princess coloring book game for little girls who love princesses. Give her a beautiful dress and hair. And share your design with family or friends.Free kids coloring book for all young fans of princesses like  Sofia or Barbie with 50+ coloring pag...
 Welcome to Bubble Ball Word game.Test your vocabulary abilities with this addictive, brain teaser game.Make as many words as you can - there are no points - and if you have many balls stacking use the three bombs. Every bomb destroys five balls.Four bal...
 Cepat Tepat Matematika game asah otak yang menyenangkan, untuk anak dan dewasaDengan game ini kita dapat berlatih operasi matematika sekaligus juga menguji kecepatan dan kemampuan otak.Pemain cukup menjawab benar atau salah untuk setiap pertanyaan berup...
 This is an math game for you and for everyone. This is a good brain test and you can improve your math calculations speed.This is a math workout and a perfect challenge for you!Try your best to complete all levels and put your name in scoreboard as firs...
 Sharp your Brain! Test your knowledge!! There is no limit to your thirst for knowledge!!! Answer as many questions as you can! The more questions you answer correctly, the higher your score.
 A fun yet challenging Times Tables game developed to suit a wide age range. Choose to take your time or go for turbo speed to gain bonus points. Times Tables (Motocross) has been developed using appealing graphics, catchy sounds. Features: - Fun and int...
 App 4 Play presents Alphabet Jigsaw PuzzleOur puzzle is no Angry Birds or Spongebob Squarepants or Family Guy. It is just a little game that will help kids improve theirobservation skills.The Alphabet Jigsaw Puzzle is an app that will help you to increa...
 Caillou Coloring, Change a child's favorite cartoon is a beautiful coloring book. If you like Thomas and Friends  or Spongebob Squarepants. You will love Caillou too. Free application for a Brain development creative ideas. Develop cognition skills. Lea...
 Octonauts Coloring, Change a child's favorite cartoon is a beautiful coloring book. If you like Hello Kitty  or My Little Pony. You will love Octonauts too. Free application for a Brain development creative ideas. Develop cognition skills. Learn to colo...
 ✐ Coloring: Little Pony is a fun game for kids coloring pretty pictures of horses! A painting game will become a very useful tool for children to color. They only have to select the photo gallery of images they like and start painting using his finger...
 ☠ Pirates Coloring Game is ideaal for a fun play every day where you can color and start your creativity, you can choose the drawings of pirates that you like and start coloring game.☠ Pirates Coloring Game will help you to increase your imagination...
 Use real colors to mix and make your very own colorful cupcake. An amazing coloring app for kids. Help your kid learn to color the frosting and decorations with endless bright colors in order to nourish the creative ability of your child. An ultimate pa...
 Kids fruits first words is educational flashcards for kids with squishy, splatty and satisfying fruits. Teach your preschoolers all the fruit names, pronunciation and spelling. Preschool learning games for kids! First word kids games!An ultimate sweet, ...
 Hello Kids!Learnin games prepared for elementary school and preschool age group (4-9 years) are both fun and educational also COMPLETELY FREE games. 7 different games in the same application are put into service for you. By clicking the part you want to...
 Do you love toys like all the other kids? Then you should help these poor little toys. They are hurt and need your help!"Help us, please!! We've got sick and injured!" Listen, they are calling for you.Many adorable toys like bunny, dog, doll are waiting...
 Hi everybody, are you ready to be a little pet vet doctor? Do you think you can handle the pressure and be a real pet vet doctor? Then you should definitely download this amazing little pet vet doctors game for kids! Do you just love cute little animals...
 #### It’s amazing how fast they can learn vehicle names with this app #### #### Warning: This game was tested on kids! :) #### Toddler Kids Car is a set of 3 games and activities for preschool kids and babies. Equipped with pleasing graphics and anima...
 ###The most exciting educational game about musical instruments in the store!### ###Learn names and sounds of musical instruments in an adorable interactive game### Learn Instruments Free is a set of 4 games and activities for preschool kids and babies....
 ** Celebrating the release of new pro version, you will have the deal price.* In version 2.00 we added Jigsaw Puzzles feature.* In version 3.00 Support Auto Run.Musical Instruments Card is an app that helps your kids easy learning Musical Instruments fr...
 If you’ve been looking for a great educational game to teach your preschooler math and time, then look no further!Get your little one ready for school with this app. It is made by parents for parents. So you can be sure that the makers of this app hav...
 Explore the farm with a counting sheep named Sherman, Pete the mischievous matching frog and all the barn animals you love as you join Lily the farmer through 100 fun learning games on a quest to help her barnyard buddies find a way home! Playable by ki...
 Danbo is hungry!! but he only likes multiples!! Danbo is a number eater. Welcome to the funniest application to learn multiplication tables. Move the little Danbo around the screen by tapping on the left or right. Danbo will eat the numbers that are mul...
 Monster Numbers is an excellent educational game for learning mathematics for kids: addition and subtraction, times tables, multiplication, sequences and division, mental-math calculations and problem solving for k-12 school.A fun edutainment applicatio...
 Math for kids - The Game for Kids!  is an excellent educational app Kids. Math for kids will help your children to practice their math skills.A fun and challenging way for kids to practice basic math skills. Reveal the farm animal... by solving the math...
 Legendary game for the development of memory and is now available on Android!This little game will help develop your child's memory. Children's program memory will help train a good memory and increase intelligence of your children. In this you will nee...
 * Kids memory game: animals is the classic board game, which help develop memory skills of children.* Playing this game with your kids will help them improve their recognition while having fun.* Kids memory game contains very cute images of animals as l...
 Cool monster memory game for kids, boys, girls and preschool toddlers. Let your kid get acquinted with funny monsters in this easy-to-play memory game for kids aged 2 and up.  This memory game is a matching game which is both fun and educational. It hel...
 A scratch and color game with amazing dinosaurs!There are many dino games on the market, but this dinosaur game is packed with beautiful images drawn by a professional artist. Educational dinosaur games never looked this good before! Dinosaur games are ...
 Give your child the gift of fun along with visual perception and hand-eye coordination. Enjoy happy, bright, colorful and positive puzzles built around numbers, alphabets, and animals. Assemble the puzzle, enjoy the game and have fun.Kids Puzzle Fun dev...
 SUPER KIT educative games for kids.With the super kit educative, the kids can learn to:-- learn and relate letters playing.-- learn playing the numbers from 0 to 15.-- stimulating curiosity, research and discovery, scratching the ScreeN.-- bringing kids...
 Một ứng dụng tuyệt vời để bạn kiểm tra và nâng cao kiến thức của bản thân. Hàng ngàn câu hỏi tiếng anh lấy từ các đề thi toeic giúp bạn nâng cao kiến thức cũng như cải thiện kết quả thi tiến...
 Are you preparing for your mission?Is this your Final Answer?If you like "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" you'll enjoy this app.6 levels to test your LDS knowledge, 15 questions in each level to prove your worth!With 50000 Brand new challenging trivia q...
 Milioneri Shqip - loje e ngjajshme me lojen e famshme "Who wants to be a Milionaire". Permban nje numer te madh pyetjesh. Kenaquni duke u argetuar deri ne maksimum dhe vleresojeni sipas mendimit tuaj.
 Learnin' Bubbles is the ideal game for children aged from 3 to 5 to learn about the alphabetical and numerical orders in a simple, fun way. On Learnin' Bubbles children can interact with colorful bubbles and listen to a fully narrated game.
 A math game where you pop bubbles to answer the math questions. Problems include selecting odd or even numbers and adding or subtracting numbers between 1 and 2.
 Welcome to Trash & Fun! A fun game whee the goal is to pick up the trash and disposing it in the correct bins before it falls on the ground! Trash & Fun is a game with a ecological/ sustainable theme designed to children. Trough this app children will l...
 Game Math to help you have one thinking in faster calculations and test your math skills in a race against your friends.You have only one second to choose correct answer and continue other answer.
 유아들을 위한 동물들의 한글이름 맞추기게임입니다.화면 하단에 앨리스란 캐릭터가 지속적으로 동물친구들의 한글이름카드를 생성해 줍니다.생성된 이름카드를 올바른 동물친구들에게 터...
 1. 10,000+ EDU Purchased by Schools around the US! 2. 9 interactive games about USD coins learning, counting, paying, making change, matching and etc. 3. A quarter rewards for each correct answer, with the rewards kids can buy food in the store, and eat...
 1. 10,000+ EDU Purchased by Schools around the US! 2. 9 interactive games about USD coins learning, counting, paying, making change, matching and etc. 3. A quarter rewards for each correct answer, with the rewards kids can buy food in the store, and eat...
 Application study Iqro version 1, provides an introduction to the letters hijaiyah. There are 28 letters hijaiyah picture to be displayed, then your child can write the name hijaiyah.Besides knowing hijaiyah, while the little one can also get to know th...
 Top Dog Pop Match Puzzle Pro is a lightning fast matching puzzle game that's quickly become an App Store favorite. 20 more levels than the FREE version and NO ADS!When the timer says GO, look for the item you need to find, and then find 'em FAST! If you...
 When the timer says GO, look for the letter or number you need to find, and then find 'em FAST before time is up! 50 Levels and NO ADS.If you're learning letters and numbers, you will love ABC123 Pop Match Puzzle Pro! Test your ABCs and 123s in this exc...
 MA+GI er et praksisbaseret læringsspil til matematik i grundskolens 9. og 10. klasse. Spillet handler om to teenagere, der finder en gammel jagthytte, som de skal gøre klar til vinteren. De skal fx udskifte vinduerne, isolere rummene og reflektere ove...
 - Learnt 4 letter, 5 letter and 6 letter words.- Includes beautiful 3D, world map and cute props- Attractive graphics for kids eyes!- Collect Dinars as much as you can while exploring the world map.- Use Dinars to unlock 5 letter and 6 letter words.- Th...
 Jogo Educativo de ligar as figuras com seu par, associando as figuras da esquerda com uma correspondente à direita.Animais, Formas e Cores.Para jogar é preciso apenas o clicar e arrastar. Inicialmente muito fácil a associação e no decorrer da ativi...
 PLEASE NOTE! This is a version of Quantum Spectre designed for use in the EdGE Leveling Up study of 2014 and is only accessible to people enrolled in the study. If you are not in the study, please download our game called Quantum Spectre. In the depths ...
 **** Kids puzzles with physics formulas.*** Good for 3-4 years+- 100% FREE, no adverts, no in-app purchase- 4 free levels: classical mechanics (green room), Maxwell equations (blue room), relativistic theory (yellow room)  & quantum physics (black room)...
 Put your brain to the test in this thrillingeducational game.Defeat hungry flesh eating zombies by masteringmath equations.Your graded on time so the faster you are the more the pointsand the higher the score .  You start on addition and subtraction.  E...
 Exercise your brain with this unique combination of memory and mathematics!– Activate both hemispheres of the brain and exercise your simultaneous capacity.– Practice your memory and math skills.– Keep the game challenging by adjusting the level o...
 This puzzle is for math lovers.The idea of the puzzle is very simple! Arrange the numbers from 1 to 9 in a 3x3 square such that numbers in each row, each column and the diagonal add up to give the number provided at the end of each row,column and the di...
 BATTLE FINDER is a SUPER-ADDICTIVE brand-new Hidden Object Game There are many little things in the screen , you have to find out the objects within limited time. Enjoy this hidden object game with your friends and family ! Game Features: # 500+ creativ...
 ★ Great fun guaranteed - can you find all the differences? ★ With 3 levels of difficulties for each scene, there is a challenge for everyone! A fun and addictive app for the whole family! In two levels, the clock is ticking - find all differences an...
 Animal, Space and Forest Matching Game for Kids and ToddlersStart playing now and match all animals living in the forest, meet astonauts and a lot of other cute animals with the identical object in the middle of the game. This app will help toddlers to ...
 Free Funny Nemo coloring book for kids. Easy and complex coloring pages. This gives inspiration for hours of creative play and learning.Features:-Easy to play-Save and share your Funny Nemo coloring page to facebook-Save your creations to gallery-Undo a...
 After the success of Angry words (Apalabrados) and Wordfeud, we're launching Number Island, the number Scrabble. An amazing game in which you will squeeze your brain to beat your friends having fun in cross-number matches.- Play offline, against the bui...
 Kiki and his friends went to the magical island. There are some forests, beaches and a snow world. You should help them pass all mental game levels to complete the challenge for this game. Baby, go with them to play Babys Intelligence Island now!  ●Th...
 In the Baby' Creative Tangram game, everything can be made by shapes. Such as: cute cat, splendid helicopter, beautiful flower, funny whale. Of course, if those are not enough, creative kids can make anything else they want, because this world is belong...
 Experience the pride of becoming a firefighter in a child-friendly roleplaying game. Learn firefighting equipment and join the task of saving lives and properties when duty calls! Start the engine and get ready to play!Fun features:- Take on different r...
 Caring for a baby requires a good amount of patience and hard work, and the thought of changing shoes and switching roles must have crossed your mind. Well, here is the chance! We are giving your children the role of caring for another baby, a cute litt...
 Recycling helps the Earth by not producing more waste onto our planet. We are throwing away far too much rubbish, some can be recycled and some can be composted to become garden fertilizer, while some are really harmful…..so if we don’t classify the...
 Now you don't need to spend much money to buy expensive musical instruments for your baby to learn percussion. As Kitchen's Percussion is coming, Kiki and Miumiu bring their kitchen's friends to join the music party. While playing with this app , your l...
 "Rescue the Fishes" has been fully updated!- 6 new underwater worlds to discover, each with an increasing degree of difficulty  - More than 10 kinds of cute marine animals with unique characteristics and different capabilities. - Many kinds of props,...
 Sensory development accelerates in toddlers between the age of 1 and 2. It is the ideal time to expose them to different items that will strengthen their perception of everything they see around them, starting with sizes, colors and shapes!Fun features:...
 Begin a journey with Kiki and friends to set order in a magical world of witches and spells. Guide them through the challenges they face. Maybe you can help them find their way home!Fun features:- Place items from short to tall and small to big;- Match ...
 Most children like the circus, with all those acts that are so interesting and fascinating; there's something magical about seeing the performers there in the ring, moving in their own world of spotlights and sawdust. Since we want to see the smile on y...
 New "Baby Show" Updates!1. New scenes: Spring, summer, autumn and winter scenes received a makeover.2. New feature: Take a real-time picture of your child with Kiki and Miumiu. 3. New contents: New clothing items and nifty accessories added. 4. New audi...
 Memory in Action allows you to play interactive games with your children while challenging them with DIY puzzles. You will meet many of our animated characters along the way!Fun features:- Memory learning with cute animations;- Entertaining little games...
 There are two themes + music +taking pictures & sharing functions. Let’s bring a warm Christmas to  our children.  _______Happy Theme 1: decorate the Christmas tree on the snow.In the beautiful snowy landscape, Santa Claus is preparing the Christmas g...
 Meet Kiki for the first time in 3D! He is trying out a number of outdoor activities for an upcoming 3D party. Check out what he has planned so far!Fun features:- Fully interactive 3D gameplay;- Entertaining little games:　　- Bouncing on the trampolin...
 “Mom, what is post office?” “Where did these packages come from?” Let us answer these questions by taking you on a tour in My Post Office by BabyBus! Fun features:- Take on different roles and tasks;- Play interactive games to solve challenging ...
 Preschoolers aged 3 to 6 begin to build up a fairly extensive vocabulary, even including certain more complicated words. The “Funny Contrasts” app contains lively scenes, elements from fairy tales and vivid animations to illustrate pairs of antonyms...
 Guess the Painting is a drawing and guessing game designed for family entertainment. It offers a color-rich environment for children to draw and parents to guess, while the whole family build new communication skills through the gameplay. Fun features:-...
 How exciting! Kiki is going shopping with Mama Panda! It means the freedom to explore, only if he can stay out of trouble! See the problems he will run into! Perhaps, you can give him a big hand!Fun features:- Easy concepts with child-friendly gameplay;...
 İngilizceyi yeni öğrenenler,kelime bilgisini geliştirmek isteyenler bu oyun tam size göre!!!! Bu oyun eğiticidir.  Her yaş grubu için uygun bir kelime oyunudur. Harfleri ve telafuzunu öğrenmek ve kelime ezberlemesine yardımcı olur.- İnterak...
 Aplikacija predstavlja igru u kojoj je cilj što duže preživeti u pravougaonoj areni.  Igra je prilagođena za jednog ili dva igrača. Ukoliko je u pitanju jedan igrač, on ima ulogu NLO-a zarobljenog u opasnoj areni kroz koju se kreću asteroidi. Cil...
 English:--- MATH SHALL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN ! ---A fun mathematical game where two numbers and a result is displayed. You have to fill in the correct operator (+, -, x, /) to ensure that the numbers produce the correct result. You can set the time yo...
 From the makers of the award winning Math Blaster series! Over 20 years making math fun! Hop on your HyperCycle and discover math facts like you’ve never seen them before! Race through levels shooting and dodging fast-flying obstacles to reach the Ali...
 • “Any kid who is a fan of Madagascar should check this out!” – Playground Dad• “It is a fun and engaging app that keeps children learning for more than a few minutes.” - Tech Tools 4 MomMadagascar: My ABCs FREE is a fun, learning game tha...
 Dora The Coloring KidsWe will your Kids's head advancement as well as finding out abilities. In addition to complete shades on abeloved Dora The Explorer Animation.All to easy to Engage in Simply 3 Actions.=> Decide on Dora The Explorer pertaining to Co...
 Help your kids get excited about eating their fruits, veggies and other foods with this fun food game.  This fun game has an easy and simple drag and drop interface that makes even possible for young toddlers to play.  After preparing food you get to fe...
 Free shape and color matching game for children.Another simple app made for my kids. It ask the child to select the correct tile based on color and shape from three different tiles. If the wrong tile is selected it disappears, and then a subtle hint is ...
 COLORING AND SHAPE GAMEKids Color and Shape, Coloring is a children's favourite drawing and colouring book. Children can enjoy this app by colouring built-in cartoon images and also can invent their own cartoons to colour it.Click a color button on the ...
 Mobile app game the "Color Line" is a modern simulator for the development and training your memory. The game is suitable for users of any age. This mobile application can help to develop your memory and teach to react quikly.The principle of the game i...
 Memory game for kidsTry to improve your child memory and concentration skills. This memory game, also known as pairs, was designed especially for kids, but adults may find it challenging and stimulating as well.How to play: During one turn you always ch...
 Preschool EduKitty is a free amazing early learning, fun, educational set of games for toddlers and Preschoolers to learn numbers, colors, sounds, shapes, math, memory match and directions! Great app for brain development and IQ. Perfect for baby, toddl...
 Preschool Brain Train - is an educational childish game that has been orientated towards preschool children. The game consists of educational part and entertaining part, which introduces your child with numbers from 1 to 10 as well as with the family of...
 Let your child's brilliance soar through "Kids University".A wonderful application for 3-6 years kids, Completely safe and having NO ads, this game proves to be the best kids game to help your child grow, learn, have fun, and even give parents some time...
 This App has no Ads at all!By this great app your child gets an extra portion of educational puzzles. There are 180 puzzles available in 5 different categories (Alphabet & Numbers, Animals,  Vegetables & Fruits, Kids in Motion, Transportation). In the F...
 The full version of Kids Puzzles: Match-1. A matching puzzles game for 3-4 years old children!The game contains 24 puzzles with more than 600 high quality pictures designed for preschoolers. The game contains more than 140 audio files of: names of anima...
 Clarinio Puzzle - Pojazdy to kolejna gra dla dzieci w wieku od 3 lat.Łatwe, lekkie i przyjazne gry dla dzieci - przydatne i pożyteczne.Rozwijają i uczą, nie służą zabijaniu czasu! Clarinio Puzzle - Vehicles is another game for children aged from ...
 A game for children from the age of 3The puzzle develops concentration, observation, shape recognition and logical thinking.There is unlimited number of combinations in 5 different levels of difficulty so the puzzle does not get boring too quickly and c...
 coloring game: robots includes 10 lovely robots, waiting for your artistry! all of these robots are ready for coloring. you can zoom on the high definition graphics for a detailed coloring. the thickness and the opacity of crayon are adjustable. you can...
 coloring game: love ; includes 10 lovely cute hearts, waiting for your artistry! You can use them as a gitft for your parents or your friends after coloring. you can zoom on the high definition graphics for a detailed coloring. the thickness and the opa...
 Celebrity fashion is incomplete without colors. Celebrity Baby Coloring is pure fun and creative coloring game for kids (girls and boys). This coloring fun game is all about making use of your fancy imagination to fill colors in the makeover and dress u...
 كراسه تلوين هذا التطبيق الجميل معد للأطفال الذين يحبون تلوين الصور. الأطفال من كل الأعمار يحبون الرسم، وكثيرا من ينتج عن خربشة الأطفال لوح...
 Teach your children to count the numbers by connecting the dots to reveal the hidden image. Your kid will play the game and learn to count in French.Our hint system will point your kid where is the next dot to connect after some time, and correct connec...
 Do you have a pilot that craves flying high in the sky?  Then strap in and fly over for some amazingly cool airplane fun with the Airplane Games For Kids Activity & Sounds App!  Your little pilot will have a thrilling time playing with airplanes puzzles...
 Does your little darling love princesses?  Then she’ll have a delightfully royal good time playing with cute princesses that are going back to school in the Princess Games For Kids Match Race!  Your little one will love the beautiful princesses gettin...
 Every mom thinks about the harmonious growth of their child. Parents sometimes try very hard to load your child. Without considering that children, regardless of age, love to play. But in the upbringing and education of children and the promotion of imp...
 If you want to involve your child for a while in an activity that is not only a game, but also a cognitive activity a free game for girls "Birds" is just what you need. This game develops attention, memory , perseverance and patience in the child. " The...
 * Kids Memory Game: Fruit and Animals is the classic board game, which help develop memory skills of children.* Playing this game with your kids will help them improve their recognition while having fun.* Kids game contains very cute images of animals a...
 This is an educational math game for your kids and maybe for everyone. This is a good brain test and you can improve your math calculations speed.The game is a unique one because this game has a very nice graphics designed for your kids. During each lev...
 Math for Kids – it is not only the unique, exciting game for kids but also very educational, funny and challenging . Get the stickers, by solving the math equations. Children can easly learn the numbers and counting never was so much fun ! Works perfe...
 FREAKING MATHS Pro for FREE, this is the best mathematics game, even simple Mathematics under some ‘constraints’ may sometimes freak you out .... !The Rules of the game are Simple:# Very simple equations will be shown on the screen and you have to t...
 Cowboy Mathematics game is a game about number games for kids, counting challenge, addition for kids, subtraction for kids, match games for kids and number sequences that allows your little one, cowboy and cowgirls, to build important math skills while ...
 For 2-5 year old fireman boys and fireman girlsFire safety patrol! Fun and educational Fireman Kids Puzzle game is an adventure, beautiful, fun and educational jigsaw puzzles that will both entertain and educate your kids. My little fireman puzzles is a...
 Here’s a fun ABC game for toddlers or perhaps an ABC kindergarten game to get your toddlers or preschool and kids in kindergarten started on their ABCs! Learn the Alphabet like a Cowboy!Introduce your kids to ABC game for kids, help them recognize and...
 We present a brilliant app to let your kid learn the English alphabets with lots of fun.* Full set of alphabets (Available only A-J in free version)* Both the versions of alphabets (capital and small letters)* Real human voice pronouncing each letter* C...
 *******************************************************Uninstall the free app before downloading full version*******************************************************We present a brilliant app to let your kid learn the English alphabets with lots of fun.*...
 Learn your kid to write the ABCWith letter recognition and the ability to record your own letters! (Recognition works only with Android 2.2 and above, lower versions will start the free mode).★ Learn to write all the alphabet letters.★ Let the app t...
 An app to train your short term memory in a FUN & INTERESTING way.Find your own method to memorise all the positions of graphics and get bonus 100 points on every level!Instruction1. Some graphics out of 20 will be shown, memorise the positions within 2...
 “Hey kid, which animal do you like most?” “I like penguin!” “Oh! That one is bear! Haven’t you learnt the animal names in kindergarten?” Can your kids remember the English words and outlooks of food, objects and animals? This app may help ...
 Create different potions by doing experiments in the labFollow the lab rules to create and store up to 18 different potionsMix together your potions to create new and exciting potions*Store up to 18 potions*Name all potions*Sticker each potion*Fully cus...
 Info Educatie 2014 - GălăciucSoft EducationalWord Puzzle este un joc cu caracter educaţional, scopul este învăţarea unor noi termeni sau cuvinte.Puteţi juca offline sau multiplayer 1 vs 1.Acesta este unul GRATUIT, și nu conține niciun fel de re...
 Interactive Educational Magazine for Kids. Topic "Spring".There is a season called spring. Spring comes after winter. The snow melts, nature wakes up from its winter sleep, the ice melts on lakes and streams, and buds appear on branches. The sun rises h...
 Детский интерактивный развивающий журнал. Тема выпуска "Весна"Есть такое время года – весна. Весна приходит после зимы. Весной тает снег, ...
 A must have for every child who loves ocean animals & colorful fishs!17 lovely jigsaw puzzles for children and toddlers, developed by parents and tested by children to suit the tastes and learning abilities of young children from ages 2 to 6. Your kid w...
 Traffic racers jigsaw puzzles is a must have for every child and teenager who loves race cars, racing games and racing 3D movies!„Traffic racers jigsaw puzzles“-Features: 18 jigsaw puzzles in 3D, from 6 to 14 puzzle pieces with fast cars, and many m...
 Animals Words Quiz For KidsWith cartoon image of animal that your kids is very funny to remember and learning with words about animals.Animals Words Quiz For Kids Game Features:- 25+ images quiz about animals.- Select a letters that's correct to win and...
 Can you guess the animals? A new animal quiz game for your 3-5 year old, preschool or toddler. Includes a massive selection of 60 of your favourite animals. Each level is designed with animals that are often found in the same geography for example the H...
 This educational game for kids trains speech and logic. It is best for children ages 4, 5, 6 and 7 years old.Each of the tasks presents a sequence of pictures on the screen that together tell a story, yet the pictures get mixed at the start of the round...
 This educational bundle includes 4 mini-games for the development of visual memory and 3 mini-games for the training of attention and concentration. The games are great for kids ages 4-7 years old, but watch out: parents can get addicted to them just as...
  PLAY AND LEARN with Animals!3 games in 1: puzzle, memory game and guess the colors - teach your kid about animals and colors, improve memory and cognitive skills with MATCH'EM: ANIMALS FOR TODDLERS!THREE GAMES - puzzle, memory game and guess the colors...
 알록달록한 볼이 아기들의 관심을 끌어요~볼을 터치하는 순간 볼이 터지면서 소리가 납니다~아기들 집중력 향상은 물론, 다양한 색상으로 창의력을 키워주며 색약에도 도움이 됩니다.모든 공...
 알록달록한 볼이 아기들의 관심을 끌어요~볼을 터치하는 순간 볼이 터지면서 소리가 납니다~아기들 집중력 향상은 물론, 다양한 색상으로 창의력을 키워주며 색약에도 도움이 됩니다.모든 공...
 우리아기 장난감!! 베이비폰!!다이얼을 누를때마다 재미있는 소리가 납니다.알록달록 다이얼이 아가들의 흥미를 자극 하여집중력을 키워줍니다.일부 오래된기기에서 반응속도가 느린현상이 ...
 Diese App trainiert Kopfrechnen. Anfangs ist das Niveau noch wie in der ersten Klasse,aber die Schwierigkeit passt sich dem Können an. Gibt man keine Lösung oder eine falsche ein, so kann das Programm  (wenn möglich) eineneinfachen Rechenweg zeigen.E...
 The universe is under the threat of antimaths, a federation who wants to destroy mathematic.You have to help the sensei to become the protagonist of this epic adventure fightin' dozens of enemies.Pass the levels, train and practice when you're wrong.Sav...
 800 multiple choice questions for IGCSE PhysicsFunctionality:1) Review questions and answers immediately2) Available for offline viewing3) No hidden charges4) No login required5) Advertising sponsored6) Past year papers and answersWe still have a proble...
 Prove yourself! Check how fast your brain is. You have to solve as many math examples as you can.Watch out! There is a time limit. You would get a bonus time if you solve the question correctly but if you fail you would get negative points and your time...
 เกมส์บวกเลข เกมส์ลบเลขช่วยฝึกทักษะการบวกลบเลขง่ายๆ โดยใช้การนับตัวการ์ตูนแล้วทำการบวก...
 Princess Coloring for KidsThis is a wonderful princess coloring game for kids!Pick a color on the bottom of the screen. Then click the part of the picture you would like to make that color.Just make full use of your fancy imagination and have fun!
 Một ứng dụng thông minh, có khả năng đọc suy nghĩ của bạn.Hãy dùng thử và kiểm tra với bạn bè của bạn, để họ có những bất ngờ thú vị khi dùng ứng dụng này.Nào hãy cùng ảo thuật với điện...
 どっちの漢字を使えばいいか迷うことありませんか？大人でも間違える同音異義語の無料漢字クイズアプリです。問題文のカタカナの部分にあてはまる、漢字の熟語を選んでください。こ...
 フジテレビの“ファストアプリ”「怒涛のゲームアプリ1000本ノック!!!」Android版がいよいよ「Gゲー」で配信開始【御礼】iPhone版3万ダウンロード 最高位:教育2位★★★★★ めっちゃおもろ...
 Do you know all US Presidents?Can you tell the president's name by given president's number?Test you knowledge!U.S. Presidents Quiz will help you learn all important informations about presidents.12 levels of difficulty:- levels 1 and 4  - Select presid...
 The best GEOGRAPHY quiz for Android!   - 36 levels,   - capital cities of the world,   - flags of the countries of the world,   - countries location maps,   - sea in the world,   - learning mode without time pressure,   - no ads,   - ranking of the best...
 Take a journey around the world with this fun and educational geography app. World Geography challenges you to test your geography knowledge with a series of questions and accompanying satellite imagery for 197 countries!You are presented with 5 random ...
 去世界各地旅行, 攜帶著身边 的這一個樂趣和教育地理的軟伴工具。 世界地理挑戰你來測試你地理知識與一連串的問題和隨同衛星圖像的197個國家! 你有5隨機國家, 然後的多重選擇格式化的有:...
 1+C : BRAND NEW ADDICTION GAME !  Math Genius is always with you.  You can do brain exercise on everywhere with 1+C!  -----------------------------  [GAMEPLAY] :  - Touch the gamemode and start playing !  - If Math operation and answer is true, Touch th...
 A game for Pinoys, half-Pinoys, married to a Pinoy, knows someone who is Pinoy or those who are just curious about the Filipino people and their culture. If you want to know how Filipino you are, take this less-than-scientific game to rate your Filipino...
 For ages 3 to 6.Pinoy Math for Preschool is a game about numbers, counting challenge, basic addition, subtraction for kids, matching and number sequences that allows your little one, boys and girls, to build important math skills while they are continua...
 For ages 3 to 6.Cool Kids Math Truck Games for Kids is a game about numbers, counting challenge, basic addition, subtraction for kids, matching and number sequences that allows your little one, boys and girls, to build important math skills while they a...
 There are quite a lot of educational games out there, but most of them deal with pretty flowers and animals and hardly ever with math. The new game “Times Tables Challenge”  by Maxiretos wants to change this. Here the kids get a real action adventur...
 There are quite a lot of educational games out there, but most of them deal with pretty flowers and animals and hardly ever with math. The new game “Times Tables Challenge”  by Maxiretos wants to change this. Here the kids get a real action adventur...
 Attractive application for the learning of the young learners.-  Includes a challenge to test the knowledge gained. -Also in Spanish (to display some text in that language, you must change to Spanish language in the phone menu: Settings> Language in you...
 ❁ Coloring: Flowers for Girls is an educational game created for their daughters to learn to paint pictures properly, without crossing the boundary of the image. A coloring game to develop imagination, ingenuity and creativity of children. A very usef...
 Free Cooking Game App for Kids - Cake Pops and Cookie Maker is the best cooking game available, it includes 2 games in 1.  You get to make your favorite cake pop and bake cookies. Everyone loves free cooking games, now you get the best free cooking game...
 Best Cooking Game App for Kids - Cake Pops and Cookie Maker is the best cooking game available, it includes 2 games in 1.  You get to make your favorite cake pop and bake cookies.  Everyone loves cooking games, now you get the best cooking game for girl...
 Summer is back! So kids, boys and girls let’s have fun with cold and yummy ice desserts. It’s the Ice Cream Maker 2 that will let you make delicious ice creams to eat. OH YES, that’s a real treat and educational for the little ones to jump in joy ...
 Would you like to play all cars in one game for free? There is a great gift for you and your kids.Meet the “Cars in Gift Box – free app for kids”. Welcome to the Thematica’s Cars Party! There is a great cocktail for you. Ingridients:-Marsrover-M...
 Interesting and exciting game to check a memory or Europe. In the Land of the flag Guess you will need to guess the country on a photo of a State, on the national flag, but that was fun to play and remember you have to erase the country (security) the t...
 This new program will help to solve the age-old problem - to learn languages effortlessly, without looking up from the tablet or phone. Every parent wants to know that the child is not just holding the phone, but is using the time profitably. At the sam...
 This new program will help to solve the age-old problem - to learn languages effortlessly, without looking up from the tablet or phone. Every parent wants to know that the child is not just holding the phone, but is using the time profitably. At the sam...
 Freaking Math Premium will make you freakingHow to play: - You have only one second to choose correct answer - Reach high score!!! - Beat your friends!!!MULTI PLAY MODE in the same devices:Defeat your friend or your bear!
 Can you do maths very fast?This is game with nice graphics and funny sound.Try now!How to play?- Answer the question in only 1.5 second.- Reach the highest score!Tags: freaking math, math game, game of math, fast math
 it's an excellent game .. you will play continuously...oyunu bırakamayacaksınız :) it's an excellent game ..Continuously you will play ...You will not leave the game :)
 Ths game will simulate tower of hanoi solution
 Super Stacker is a very addictive puzzle type game in which you must build towers of variously shaped building blocks. The goal is to build a tower of blocks that can stay standing for a short period of time.
 Your kids will fall in this weigh puzzles!This is engaging app for your kids. With balance fun your kids will learn how to weigh using a scale. All they need is to experiment with weigh of animals and other objects putting available things on the scale ...
 Guess the missing word! It's a funny way to boost your English vocabulary with Fancy Words quiz! You can use it to improve your language and learn new words!✰✰(¯`*•.¸,¤° HOW TO PLAY °¤,¸.•*´¯)✰✰  read a phrase and guess a missing wo...
 Gomoku Renju is a game for you, if you interested in intellectual or logical games like puzzles and riddles. Fun casual Japanese-style classic game Gomoku Renju will entertain you for a long time! Similar to tic tac toe, the goal of this board game is t...
 MH Practice - Government in Action is an online multiplayer game where you role play a member of Congress as a way of exploring American Government. Your goal is to maximize your Political Capital while balancing the need to achieve re-election every 2 ...
 Cool math games for kids is an effective free games, is a brain-training site, for everyone, where logic, thinking, math meets fun games, cool math games for kids. These games have no violence, no empty action, just a lot of challenges that will make yo...
 ★This app is 100% free math apps★A fun application to study mathematics!!This Application is designed to help our kids improve their math skillsSo if you want your kids to get better math scores , I highly recommend this Application!!★this is The ...
 ★PRO version math study app★★★ there aren't any commercials. ★★ -Provide a good BGM-  it can improve your brain!!♥Look at the design!! very simple design!!!, and the sound is really great♥A fun application to study mathematics!!This Appl...
 Are you already fed up with your closet, because Mommy doesn’t buy you new dresses? Do you want a different hair color, or nail color? Now you can change everything!I will never tell you the secret in Beauty Kids Salon. You can choosethe most lovely d...
 Baby Little Hero is a cute kids rescue game. Be a part of Little Heroes rescue team and conduct different rescue operations. So, are you up for this baby learning experience?  Download Now for free and rescue your city.BABIES SAVE THE CITY!!! You have f...
 Jingle bells, jingle bells~Christmas is around the corner!Everyone likes to dress themselves up beautifully to greet Christmas.Let’s do a superb spa and design a gorgeous and unique full dress for the cheerful holiday!What are you waiting for? Let’s...
 Princess Games for Girly Girls!! Take your Princess to the Salon for the Perfect Makeover!Help her style her hair and clean her face! Put on her makeup for her and Dress her in the perfect gown!The FUN includes....- Cool Mini-Games to help wash her hair...
 Ding dong!  Sound the bells because it’s time for a wedding!  Do you have a little one that adores frilly brides and wedding fun?  Then dance over to the ballroom for some delightful wedding fun in the Princess Wedding Match Race!  Your little one wil...
 Forever mystical the unicorn is a special animal that’s fun and magical!  Let your little ones ages 2 & up discover a unicorn world with delightful unicorn games and unicorn flashcards when you download the Unicorn Kids Games Activity App AD FREE Vers...
 Meow!  Do you have a little one that adores cats and wants to play with sweet kittens?  Then get ready to purr with delight in the Toddler Kitty Games What’s Different!  Let your little kitten have a fun furry time looking at pictures of sweet cats an...
 Meow!  Do you have a little one that adores cats and wants to play with sweet kittens?  Then get ready to purr with delight in the Toddler Kitty Games What’s Different AD FREE Version!  Let your little kitten have a fun furry time looking at pictures ...
 Hearts mean love, and if your little one is looking for some cute hearts to play with then get ready for some fun with the Heart Match Race Valentine Toddler Game!  Let your little valenitine delight in all different colors of hearts, and have a blast l...
 Let your toddler learn some words by clicking on the right image. It will be fun for them.This application uses text to speech output. It's up to the user to configure the phone which text to speech voice to use. You can install third party voices like ...
 The game is developed on most famous cartoon character twity. It is full of fun, lots of enjoy when playing. When a kid or person just start to learning new language its build upon thinking that situatoin. The image and sound will guide you how to use t...
 Preschool Kids Sea First Words is educational flashcards for kids with incredible sea stars. Teach your preschoolers all the animal names, pronunciation and spellings living under the sea. Preschool learning games for kids! First word kids games!An ulti...
 Arabic Alphabet is a small application to learn Arabic Alphabet. This application is a good way to teach kids and adults the pronunciation of this alphabet.features: - for each Arabic letter and a word starting with this letter.- the status of each lett...
 “Hece Harfleri Mahallesi” Çocuklara Kur’an harflerini öğretmeyi amaçlayan interaktif bir uygulamadır. Unity 3D oyun motoru ile güçlendirilen, etkileyici görsel efektleri, eğlenceli harf animasyonları ve kolay anlaşılır ara yüzü saye...
 “Hece Harfleri Mahallesi” Çocuklara Kur’an harflerini öğretmeyi amaçlayan interaktif bir uygulamadır. Unity 3D oyun motoru ile güçlendirilen, etkileyici görsel efektleri, eğlenceli harf animasyonları ve kolay anlaşılır ara yüzü saye...
 Application was made to introduce the hijaiya to children pre-school age / pre-school. This application is made with simple games and interactive method of making it easier for children to learn. content 1 Hijaiya Learning: here introduced Arabic letter...
 Develop your intelligence, learn to quickly perceive mathematical questions and respond to them. Little time to answer only stimulates you and your brain to be faster, more efficient and better. Daily exercise will help to consolidate new skills. Compar...
 LIL CHAMPS is Kids Preschool learning games kit for 2 - 6 year old kids totally FREE WITH ALL GAMES...*********************   ALL THE GAMES ARE AVAILABLE NOW FOR FREE !!! ENJOY    ****************** App contains all the type of kids learning games act...
 Alphabet, numbers, colors, shapes are important things children should know early in the first year of life. This game helps generate excitement for children in which children practice good memory and easy to absorb the information. This game consists o...
 Does your toddler like the Japanese cartoons, ninjas and samurais? If so this is the app for you and your toddler.Ninja Girl Toddler is designed to help your child acquire basic concepts of shapes, colors, numbers and more. Ninja Girl Toddler School: Ad...
 Fun for Toddlers is back! The Fun for Toddlers 2, is an educational and entertaining game.This is the sequel to the popular puzzle Fun for Toddlers, it has fun sounds and unique puzzle games your kids will love. If your child loves to explore the outer ...
 Welcome to Kid's Playground ! It is a free game which design for 4-6 years old kids. It can help to develop logical reasoning and spatial intelligence as well as memory and attention.This game includes 5 different levels and more than 60 types of tasks:...
 An extensive Zoo and a fun Playground in one with lots of animated animals and built-in educational games for kids.“Overall, this app manages to balance the provision of educational material with the engagement of young learners and manages both in on...
 “Zoo Playground”: an extensive Zoo and a fun Playground with lots of animated animals and built-in educational games for kids.The Zoo includes 40 animated animals. Children can feed the animals, pet them, learn their calls. The animals are colorful,...
 Game " Children's Farm " - a game for the youngest children, which will allow them to learn more about the animal world .It is very simple and accessible to even the youngest children up to 2 years, it would be benefit in exploring the world of animals....
 Animal Car Party is a super game, combining 7 loved games in one great package! Play Jigsaw Puzzles, Solve Mazes, Connect the Dots, Toys Flow, Memory Cards, Domino and Shuffle Puzzles are packed into this one great present for your kids. Kids will need ...
 Loads of extra cool accessories, masks and boots! Design and style your own Superhero! New!! Create your own super emblem or shield in the amazing super shield creator, draw anything you like on a shield in a variety of shapes and display your new emble...
 Zap!  Ka-blam!  Does your little one crave the thrills and chills of cool super hero’s?  Then get ready for some action packed fun in the Superhero Kids Games Match Race!  Let your little hero’s jolt into a superhero adventure as they try to match t...
 Cross the jungle and become a superhero. Pass your test and get your SuperVideo!!!- For babys between 2-6- 8 different tests- Spanish / English languages.Note to Parents : This is a didactic game that will boost your child 's logic
 首個有關《兒童權利公約》的Android App – 「童約小手尋」上架了！ 「童約小手尋」除包括《兒童權利公約》及《聯合國兒童權利公約在香港的實施情 況》兩本電子書，及各項與兒童有關的資...
 *Compatible with tablet 7" or higher only.*Beginner Math game app for Elementary Students. Fun and Easy !!!Just "Drag and drop" number for answer.Provides 1-3 Digit numbers math quizzes, through levels ranging difficulty from easy, intermediate and hard...
 Shape Sorter 3D is an addictive fun, interactive, educational kids game. Place the shapes, blocks, and letters into the correct hole. Why buy expensive shapes, blocks, or shape sorters when you can use your Android device for your kids to play with, wit...
 Vive la aventura del Puerquito Samurai a través de divertidos escenarios como la playa, el circo, y la oficina, donde tendrás que obtener el mayor número de SURA pesos para desbloquear los siguientes escenarios y además, alcanzar metas financieras c...
 A great way to study for a Chemistry Test
 แอพเกมส์ค้นหาสัตว์ : แอพนี้เหมาะสำหรับเด็กเล็กเพิ่มทักษะในการจดจำด้วยภาพการ์ตูนรูปสัตว...
 If your kids like memory games and dinosaurs, they will LOVE this game!COOL FEATURES:- Watch the dinosaurs move and roar when you find two of the same kind!- Pop fun rewards when you complete a level!- Keep track of all the dinos you have found in the t...
 Hello kids, are you ready for a new puzzle game from us?In this puzzle game, you will find puzzles of dinosaurs and they're so much fun to complete. You will need to complete each puzzle in the given time to proceed in the game but it's very entertainin...
 Brighten up your regular party look with a sophisticated hairdo! In this game you will learn three unusual hairstyles that will make you look like an elegant elf princess. So prepare your hairbrush and follow the easy steps to create one of the three ma...
 Baby Vehicles is a cute game for babies to teach them vehicles. Babies and toddlers will explore the buses, vans, lorries, transporters, cars, ships, trains and airplanes world by learning vehicles by sight and sound. Click menu to make your own traffic...
 A B C Games free or abcd for kids is a abc kids learning gameslearn abcs for kids with abcd for childrenHow to learn abc is enjoy with abc for kid gameAre you ready to challenge your memory each day with "Memory" A B C Games Memory Games .Game to train ...
 An animal is a particular kind of living organism, one that can move voluntarily and can find and digest food.English vocabulary lessons games. Learn the vocabulary related to animal.This animals vocabulary games will help you with the activities in the...
 Vocabulary Games for Fourth Grade Learning (Free).Education Games for 4th grade English learning.Guess the missing word!You are a true student if you complete this game!You can try more fun education games from us with Stylish Kids.How to play.You can s...
 Vocabulary Quiz for 6th Grade Learning (Free).Education games for guessing the sixth grade vocabulary english.Guess the missing word!Choose the correct answer!You are a true student if you complete this game!Playing is pretty simple:You can see a pictur...
 Vocabulary Quiz for 5th Grade Learning (Free).Education games for guessing the fifth grade vocabulary english.Guess the missing word!Choose the correct answer!You are a true student if you complete this game!Playing is pretty simple:You can see a pictur...
 Vocabulary Games for Food and Drink Word Learning (Free).Education games for guessing the food and drink vocabulary english learning.Guess the missing letters!In this game, your kids can learn and practice a large number of words related with food and d...
 Vocabulary Games for Animals Word Learning (Free).Education games for guessing the animal vocabulary english learning.Guess the missing letters!In this game, your kids can learn and practice a large number of words related with animal. Use this app to i...
 Vocabulary Games for Transportation Word Learning (Free).Education games for guessing the transportation vocabulary english learning.Guess the missing letters!In this game, your kids can learn and practice a large number of words related with transporta...
 Beep!  Chug!  Zoom!  Splash!  Do you have a little one that adores vehicles of all shapes and sizes?  Then get ready for some transportation fun with the Vehicle Toddler Games What’s Different!  Let your little drivers have an wicked time looking at p...
 English - Spanish - Italian - Portuguese - French - Catalan - BasqueLearning with Little Julen: Means of Transportation. Discover means of transportation with Little Julen, exploring four unique places. There are 20 vehicles to discover, with their feat...
 Think you know what poison ivy and a firefly have in common? How about some of the ways a dolphin and a goldfish are different? Download Classify It!, a new game from AAAS Science NetLinks, to test your knowledge of how various organisms can be sorted a...
 Would you take a job as a waiter/chef in one of the fanciest five star restaurants in town? It’s one of the most popular too and if you decide to accept our challenge you’ll have to prepare yourself for a cooking marathon as the rush hour is about t...
 ●○●○●○●○●○●○●○●○●○●くまモンとあっちむいてホイで勝負だモン！くまモンと一緒に遊べるアプリが登場！あなたはくまモンに何連勝が出来るかな？●○●○●○●○...
 ¿Dificultad para leer correctamente? Desde Leonardo Da Vinci hasta John F. Kennedy han padecido dislexia, debemos saber que esta condición arraigada tanto en genios como en gente común no impide llevar una vida normal; sobrellevar los obstáculos del...
 *** Learn the sounds and shapes of letters of the alphabet with MULTISENSORY games! *** *** Developed in collaboration with experts in the field of education and reading difficulties. *** Alphabetics will capture the attention of your child while she or...
 Match the images with thine brain of awesome. Great for toddlers, other little humanoids, and dyslexic people alike! Only tap the top circle!
 Help your kids or toddler learn their alphabet in a fun and creative way with this kids game featuring cars and blocks. Guide a car by rotating 3D blocks to collect all of the letters of the alphabet. Just click on a block to rotate it in the direction ...
 A puzzle mystery with an accounting twist!When a hotshot detective named ACE is confronted with puzzles and accounting information, she has no choice but to follow the case.   The mystery that unfolds in 1940’s New York challenges ACE’s accounting k...
 A wonderful collection of animals for kids!(English and Vietnamese available)- Browse amazing and cute animals to explore.- Learning the sounds and see beautiful photos in full HD.- Watching the most funny videos of animals on YouTube- Simple and exciti...
 “Bé yêu học chữ cái” với những hình ảnh sinh động đẹp mắt sẽ giúp bé học được 29 chữ cái tiếng Việt một cách dễ dàng. Ứng dụng được thiết kế kiểu dáng đẹp và bắt mắt sẽ giúp bé ...
 - An awesome and exciting physical 3Dgame- Its power packed features are an asset and the graphic are just so cool!,- 3 lives and 5 eggs for you to play, before your game gets over.- Collect as many eggs as you can in the egg basket to proceed and score...
 Pájaros para niños, es un divertido y sencillo juego para que los más pequeños de la casa se vayan familiarizando con el uso de los dispositivos móviles a través del juego.En este sencillo juego, el jugador tendrá que mover una cesta con los boto...
 For Kids to learn educational app "alphabet" while playing.Answer because it is all hand-written method, learning efficiency is different significantly.In addition, it provides a sound and animation dedicated to all words. By using the animation and voi...
 O conhecido jogo educativo ABC Animado da Grow, agora na versão Android para você jogar quando e onde quiser!As atividades mostram, de maneira simples, como associar palavras e às suas iniciais. Existe sempre uma letra equivalente à inicial dos nome...
 Underwater Learning Adventure, designed together with an independent clinical psychologist, to help develop picture and naming recognition skills, receptive vocabulary, numbers, counting, memory and executive functioning. Underwater Learning Adventure, ...
 ISLAND 100% is an interactive simulation game that consists in achieving the highest possible penetration of renewable energies in the electric system of an island powered exclusively by conventional energy sources. In the game you have to achieve the h...
 *DESIGNED FOR ANDROID PHONES, for the tablet version, please download "Eggy 100 HD".Reading Eggs Eggy Words 100 is a FREE application designed to help children recognise and learn sight words. Sight words are words that readers should know automatically...
 Number search is a puzzle game for lovers of numbers and math.Several different game modes are available to suit all ages.The concept is simple.You'll start with a grid or random numbers and an equation. Simply solve the equation and find the answer in ...
 Permainan matematika yang terdiri dari :- pengenalan bilangan- penjumlahan- pengurangan- perkalian- pembagian- perbandingan Math game that consists of:- The introduction of number- Summation- Reduction- Multiplication- Division- Comparison
 Math Pantas sebuah permainan matematik yang sangat menguji minda. Sesuai untuk semua golongan. Dalam permainan ini anda dikehendaki meneka jawapan yang diberikan betul atau salah dalam masa yang singkat. Ada 3 tahap diberikan iaitu 1. Quick - Masa hanya...
 24 Game.  Suitable for everyoneThis Game has 4 number and math symbols are Plus , Minus , Multiply and Divided for answer the question.ExampleQuestion: 6 , 4 , 9 ,81) 6 X 4 = 242) 9 - 8 = 13) 24 X 1 = 24!  this is answerI hope , You enjoy it  :)Trick:Yo...
 Kids game collection is a fun learning app for children of all ages.this version contains 24 games in one:- Sound animated learning of letters and numbers.- Learn to recognize animals and their sounds.- Distinguish shapes and colors and match the pieces...
 A small little app to get you thinking by doing small mathsGoal of the exercise is to use all 3 numbers to make one of the target value, and there's nine targets to make.
 Brush up on your math skills like factors, prime numbers, and multiples in this fast paced touch game!  Choose from 3 game modes and try to beat the clock!  Every correct answers adds that answer to your overall score. Every level adds a few more second...
 A wonderful, cute collection of birds tile puzzles and birds for toddlers or kids.your kid will love this puzzles and wants to admire every kind of bird. This is the app for your kids!tile birds puzzles for kids is an educational and entertaining game.I...
 Belajar Berhitung Angka Anak adalah aplikasi dan game asah otak kecerdasan anak serta melatih kecepatan nalar logika anak anda dalam mengerjakan soal matematika dasar.Bagi anda yang baru ingin mengajarkan anak anda bagaimana berhitung, menghitung atau m...
 Jeux éducatifs pour apprendre à lire, écrire et compter tout en s'amusant.Profitez des meilleurs jeux éducatifs spécialement conçus pour faciliter l’apprentissage et favoriser la progression des enfants. Les jeux éducatifs pour enfants sont lud...
 Edutainment games for the awakening of toddlers. This game will bring your child into a wonderful world with different images and sounds of animals and vehicles. Your child will discover animals, vehicles, but also, very quickly it will explore this new...
 Let your kid discover our new application Best Kids Connect Dots! An addictive and educational game with a very simple goal.  Kids see an outline of an image, have to drag their fingers over the numbered dots (from 1 to the highest number) to link them ...
 Join Bunny and his cute friends as they explore a fun-filled race for carrots! Bunny Math Race is an entertaining and captivating learning tool, which introduces your 3-8 year old child to the fundamental concepts behind numbers, counting, addition and ...
 穿越千年， 夢回清明上明圖。帶領玩家進入北宋畫家張擇端畫筆下的曠世奇作《清明上河圖》畫卷，漫步在古色古香的北宋京城汴梁中最經典的虹橋邊，一步一步尋找特定古物。遊戲將使用由...
 This application is intended for children between 3 and 5 years and their parents. With it will be able to entertain your kids while you teach and educate them, and have a good time with them. With the scoring system is to encourage the child to play an...
 Education is fun! Useful game that will never get bored.Your kid will explore more than 10 enthralling locations: from magical forest and playground to cozy farm and even a Dawn of the Dinosaurs.Funny animals, fairytale characters, different objects, fi...
 Find English Synonyms For Kids Game is a wonderful app for learning words or vocabulary and its meanings (Synonyms) through game. All you need to do is guess and find the correct word related to the four common words that you see on the screen and enter...
 Christmas Toddler app is designed to help your child acquire basic concepts of shapes, colors, numbers and more. Christmas Toddler Kids Games offers an all-in-one game for your children. It is a collection of different exciting and fun educational games...
 For 2-5 year old kidsDoes your kids love puzzles like easy princess puzzles, fantasy puzzles, garden puzzles, kids trucks puzzle, mermaid puzzles, fairy puzzle games, monster high puzzles, twinkle toes games, ballerina game, fairy tail puzzles, custom p...
 Allow your child to express their artistic abilities  with Baby Animals Coloring Book.  With over 66 cute  and simple images your child will enjoy this activity at length.  Large color pallet allows for easy color selection and encourages creativity.  W...
 Послушайте, выучите и спойте со своими детьми эти замечательные, известные нам всем с детства, песенки! Приложение разработано специально...
 Развивающая игра для детей. Раскрашивая фигуры в разные цвета, ребенок в игровой форме изучит названия цветов и геометрических фигур. Игр...
 Your kid can learn shapes and colors successfully with our applicationLevels:- learning shapes- learning colors- shape, matching pair- color, matching pair- shape and color, matching pair- shape, from the smallest to the biggest and vice versa- color, f...
 A bestselling educational toy phone game for little kids.Infants, toddlers and preschoolers learn numbers & colors pronounced by a 3.5 year old boy. Features include: * Big Buttons * Freestyle mode * Quiz gameA paid version is available which adds: * Bu...
 Feed the Pets is an exciting learning game for kids!***Best app for really little ones of 1 year old and up!*** Feed your cute pets! Find out what a cat, a bear, a wolf and other animals like to eat and what they don’t. Your child will love it! Childr...
 Music Tales is comprehensive and learning game for kids that will introduce them to the basics of music and will help to develop their talent moving from the simplest things to more complex ideas.The game consists of several "stories". Each story explai...
 Eğlenerek İngilizce Öğrenmek İster Misiniz?Oyun oynarak İngilizce kelime öğrenebilirsiniz.Kelime aralarındaki boşluğu tamamlayın.Çeşitli kategorilerde bir çok kelime mevcuttur.Ayarlar Türkçedir.14 Günde bir kelimeler güncellenir. Do y...
 Play and Learn    over 3000+ most used English words with option to switch between Turkish-English or English -Turkish  suitable for every Turkish speaking who learns English or vice-versa  ... have fun learning ...
 Basic rules and puzzle called Number Place (Sudoku), and the like Sudoku is the same. Of the blocks of the same color as each column in the vertical and horizontal It is complete with no duplicate numbers 1-9 in each 9 trout. If you touch a block of eac...
 Maid Saga - Line PuzzleMaid Saga - Line Puzzle is a new genre of puzzle game unique design like no other. It’s a Sudoku without numbers. Feature : ✔ Easy!! Just touch and drag to take your maid to clean a floor. ✔ Every one who love Maid should pl...
 Zabavna igra pamćenja za djecu i odrasle.Igra "Memorija" u isto vrijeme nudi zabavu i odličnu vježbu pamćenja.Riječ je o klasičnoj igri uparivanja dvije iste slike koje su prethodno sakrivene na polju.Potrebna je jako dobra koncetracija od strane ...
 This is an educational game for toddlers.Teach your toddler or preschooler how to use touchscreen interface with this simple and fun game. It is great for training hand/eye coordination and reaction skills. Collect as many jewels, candy, fruite as possi...
 The theory is very simple: The angle of incidence equals the angle of reflection. Will you be able to get in the ball into the goal, taking advantage of the rebounds without falling into the traps? 280 levels that get progressively difficult From the fo...
 Little Maestro is a fun and educational music game app. What we wanted here is an app that can reproduce one octave of perfect sound played on different music instruments. Both you and your kids can now easily play your favorite tune or two on a piano, ...
 בועות וצבעים לימוד צבעים לפעוטות ובועות מתפוצצות. Bubbles and colorsLearning Colors for Toddlers and bursting bubbles.
 Biggest archive of interesting facts out there.Find out more about the human body, nature, science, celebrities, world records, strange laws, sex facts, and many more! With over 8000 facts to go trough you will never get bored again! And there are more ...
 This is a simple math facts app built on an interface designed with children in mind. This was developed for my children and I decided to share it. It is minimal, no flashing lights or loud sound effects. Just quick math problems. The timer can be set f...
 Math Facts allows kids to sharpen their basic math skills.  Work on any combination of:- Addition- Subtraction- Multiplication- DivisionWith a little flair to keep kids interested.  Supports a set number of questions or a timed mode.
 Easter Coloring Book – The Easter edition is a wonderful educational game/activity for kids. Our application has been prepared in such a way as to encourage children to work creatively in coloring and drawing pictures of Easter themes including  Easte...
 My Little Baby: Animal Puzzle & Sounds NoAds is the next application of a series of educational games designed specifically for younger children. ( for 1-5 years old kids, but also suitable for older children)Full version includes:- 18 levels- 2 puzzle ...
 "Math for kids" app is a way to teach kinds digits and mathematical operations. It has a wide age range so kids of age 3 to 7 years old can benefit from it. "Math for kids" has a thought through structure made of 3 blocks where each block is dedicated t...
 Vocab Builder is an educational game that quizzes and times you on the spelling of words. It can teach you how to spell new words and what new words are. Download the game and have fun learning.Features★ Learn New Words.★ High Scores★ Global Leade...
 This fun package contains two easy games that will be perfect for children ages 3 and up! Whether you are looking to teach your kids the basics of problem solving or just want to keep them occupied with a fun and educational pastime, Bubble Cat Kids has...
 Amazing Alphabets is a comprehensive yet a simple application for the purpose of developing kids understanding, and learning Words, Days, Months, and Numbers. Audio is also enabled in the application that makes it interesting for the children to use, an...
 Unscramble the word in the fastest timefor more points.Has Thousands of words, from 3 letters to 19letters in harder levels.When a word is generated you have 10 secondsto select one of 5 options.Highest score saved in Google Play Leader boards.Lots of A...
 Learn simple English questions while having fun!Unscramble by dragging each word into a white box to create a common travel question!Simple interface, no directions needed!  Only one rule:  words must form a question, not a sentence.This is a 'lite' ver...
 Learn simple English questions while having fun!Unscramble by dragging each word into a white box to create a common travel question!Simple interface, no directions needed!  Only one rule:  words must form a question, not a sentence.  Not sure you want ...
 A fun way to learn how to make sentences!Sentence Builder is designed for your beginning reader.  A four word sentence is displayed, but the words are jumbled.  Drag the words into the white boxes and create a correct sentence.  'Total Score' and 'On Fi...
 Looking for learning games, quizzes, tests, exercises and puzzles to help you learn English? Make Sentences is exactly what you need! It is a very interesting educational game that helps to increase your vocabulary and to improve your logical thinking f...
 Want to help your kid with learning abc and 123? Then Elementary Games app is just what you need! Elementary Games is a set of preschool games for little kids and a great matching game for kids that will help you with colors learning, shapes learning, a...
 From the developer of "Things that Go!" comes another educational and fun children's photo book!Your child, toddler, or baby will enjoy seeing and hearing the many different roaring, growling, and shrieking animals in a slide show they can operate. Vari...
 Helps Kids to learn math in the easy way : having fun !!From Kids and Family to challenges among friends, "Dr. Numbers" teaches math in a simple and fun way.With the help of "Doctor Numbers" your child learns math with fun, playing and learning.But the ...
 Através desta aplicação poderás jogar o Quiz Rota 2020, de forma totalmente gratuita, e testar os teus conhecimentos sobre o desenvolvimento sustentável na União Europeia. Joga com os teus amigos, obtém a melhor pontuação e descobre os fantást...
 Jeux éducatifs (4) pour les enfants de 4 à 10 ans. Voix et textes en FRANCAIS.[Jeu complet / Garantie sans virus et sans aucune publicité  / vous pouvez tester ce jeu dans sa version gratuite]Ces 3 jeux, destinés aux enfants à partir de 3 ans, ont ...
 L’avis de Déclickids (17/20) :"Un très chouette petit ensemble histoire et jeux, mignon, malin et bien fait. Bien mieux qu’un cahier de vacances…"**********************************************Tiré de la célèbre série animée Bali, l'applicat...
 This is a game of a group of discs which are stacked increasing radius inserted into one of the three batteries of a board.The objective of the game Towers of Hanoi is to move items from one pile to another of the remaining two, following some certain r...
 Educational Game  Baby Phone for kids is the best educational game in English. If you want to play educational games for kids for free,  Baby phone  is for you. This educational game is classified as educational games for kids up to 1 year. Educational ...
 Rotating Puzzles for Kids - an educational and learning game. Puzzles for kids are based on well-known games for kids, such as the classic puzzle games and sorter. rules: -Drag a puzzle into  correct place -When assembled puzzle, click on the arrow to t...
 Learn to Draw: Classic Cars Pictures is a unique Android app that teaches you how to draw Jaguar E-Type 1961, Cadilac Eldorado 1959, Volkswagen Beetle 1960-1969 step-by-step! Drawing is considered to be very complex. You won’t believe how easy it can ...
 Instal in your children the tool which will allow them agreeably to learn the line of figures and the simple addenda of the fingers of the hand. (to 5+5)This application does not content itself with pointing to them out the sense of the line of figures,...
 Jogo da Forca que ajudará você a memorizar rapidamente as capitais dos países de todo o mundo. Ideal para quem deseja aprender as capitais de forma simples e divertida. Neste jogo você deverá descobrir as capitais do mundo para evitar que o garoto ...
 Improve your kids’ vocabularies in a fun and memorable way. The words are randomized all the time for the kid to play and learn. Furthermore, it includes pronunciation feature with the spelling.Features: -Select the right FIRST letter matches with the...
 Toddler Learning ABC by matching the ABC flashcard.
 A E I O U do abc Bebelê para ensinar bebês e crianças que estão aprendendo as letras.Para aprender as vogais, AEIOU, de um modo fácil e divertido.Cada letra contém vídeo animado e cantado para manter a concentração nas figuras que se transforma...
 Brincadeira que ensina a ler palavras de 3 letras, com som e desenhos animados.A criança arrasta uma das letras A a Z até o centro da tela.Na direita da tela aparecerá algumas palavras de 3 letras em cor cinza que iniciam com aquela letra que a crian...
 A "Aventura das Palavras" ajuda as crianças a treinar, de forma divertida, as competências implicadas na leitura, como a correspondência grafo-fonética (correspondência letra-som), fusão fonética e fusão silábica, trabalhando vários tipos de s...
 Monta Palavras - Este jogo oferece a criança um desafio lógico onde ela deve construir as palavras com base na imagem que é oferecida na tela, ela terá de identificar as sílabas e colocar na ordem correta. Possui níveis diferentes de dificuldade c...
 A entertaining application for children with shapes and colors.Encourages coordination with a game to fit parts, and memory with a memory game that says the name of the shape or color.
 A game that helps your child to learn while having fun.In this game children learn the alphabet, numbers, colors, shapes and names of animals.Each selected card the application talks to the child making her memorize what that symbol means.Simple, educat...
 Kids Educational GameTap, touch the object and slide it to the right place.Distinguish and associate forms, shapes.This application is purpose-designed to be easy for kids to use.Children can learn and improve their skills The recommended age is 2-6 yea...
 What a mess ! The lion roars on the ice packs and the penguin got lost in the savannah!Help Livingstone to correctly place all the animals and join him in his explorations around the world!Funny and intuitive educational game, designed for the younger c...
 A come … ALBERO!B come… BARCA!Impara le lettere giocando con AlfaPuzzle!AlfaPuzzle è un semplicissimo gioco per i bambini in età prescolare dai 2 anni in su, anche con difficoltà di apprendimento, pensato per insegnare ai più piccoli a riconosce...
 L’allegro spaventapasseri Pannocchia vi invita a scoprire la Fantafattoria! Seguitelo in una divertente “APPavventura” targata Sapientino! I vostri bambini potranno giocare e imparare tante cose nuove, seguendo un percorso ludico-formativo di qual...
 Come and discover the Fantafarm with the jolly scarecrow, CornCob! Follow him in a fun "APPventure".Your children can play and learn loads of new things, in fun, educational and high quality games designed by our team of experts with the help of psychol...
 ABC Kids Jigswa PuzzleIt is educational game. Games is mainly for children. game contain A to Z alphabets in jigswa format. To learn Alphabets from A to Z is big things for parents, But now Do not worry for that. Kids will play the game and learn while ...
 Coloring Kids : ABCA fun, educational game for your toddler or preschooler.develop cognitive abilities by coloringLet's Kids have Fun!!!Features:  - Share with friends on Facebook - Saves image - Quick fill with many wonderful colorsEnjoy Coloring Kids ...
 Grab a friend or two and play! Beyond just entertainment, School Charades takes the familiar games of charades and uses school vocabulary to challenge users of all ages. School Charades is a must for middle and high school students struggling with core ...
 Grab a friend or two and play! Elementary Charades uses the format of charades / Pictionary / Outburst to help students use academic vocabulary. This is an ideal game to use within the k-5 classroom with partners, teams or whole class. Parents can play ...
 A fun,free,colourful memory game  for kids featuring lots of cute monsters. Your child will have fun while improving cognitive and memory skills. This fun game 100% free and contains no ads or micro transactions.Improve your memory!Have fun! Match pairs...
 Animals which have lived in the forest before, got lost in the cities. You need to find them as fast as possible and return them back to the forest. Cities & Animals. Hidden Object Game is a very simple game to play. To get to the next level you need to...
 The masterpieces in the world were collected and it was made the sliding puzzle. ・Start screen 　- Click Start. 　　It is a puzzle start. 　- Click Change. 　　The picture of a puzzle is changed. ・Inside of a game 　A puzzle is slid and pleas...
 KidEWords - Crossword puzzles for kids: become the king of words!Test your level with the first 3 grids, free of charge! KidEWords is an educational crossword game, ideal for learning words and improving your spelling! Help you children to form more tha...
 Get Memory Master now!Choose between multiple card decks like fruits.Select your preferred card size e.g. 4x3Get unlimited gameplay.Discover new card decks and card sizes at your choice and extend the game.
 Movie Title Quiz is a High Definition Images Preview Application where users can check their movie knowledge by taking a Quiz. In the Quiz, Snapshots from Different Movies are displayed and the Users have to Guess the movies title. The Application conta...
 Travel in time throughout the history of cinema with Llama – the true movie expert! Answer the questions and learn interesting facts from film history – from the very beginning till modern times. This app is an educational quiz type of game, consist...
 Math Blast is a simple yet challenging game that will keep your give your brain a good workout!Challenge your ability so solve addition, subtraction and multiplication problems while working to earn the highest score you can!A game for the young & old a...
 From the award-winning Math Blaster® brand comes another exciting, high-speed game!Join the Math Blaster Academy and train to use the futuristic B-Force Blaster device in this action-packed shooting game.Race through the space training simulator and bl...
 Blox 3D  is a fun and easy way for kids to learn 3D modelling on Ipad,Android and Windows tablets.Create beautiful objects in a simple and intuitive manner using tap and pull.Blox has been designed to develop children's creativity and visualization skil...
 don't expect a big top hit App, this is only my first one. in this game you need to kill all of the monsters and enemies before they kill you while collecting all the objects.
 Game for children from 2 years old, designed to help you in his early learning, memory development and visual development.Interface simple and suitable for children.Content:- 20 different chapes.- Seven difficulty levels.- Fine background images.- Thous...
 Funny memory game Frozen, the story is spare Ice Princess.Ideal for children to play house and think long Princess Anna and fun adventures alongside a friendly game Kristoff.Frozen by sympathetic Queen Anna called when freezing things and makes funny sn...
 Con la app Aulablog podrás programar unidades didácticas bajo la teoría de Inteligencias Múltiples de Howard Gardner.Con la caja de herramientas del Doctor David Lazear podrás seleccionar aleatoriamente las actividades para que los alumnos desarrol...
 Creando Niños Genios - La Gran Aventura con Lhion , toma el modelo del niño como constructor de su propio conocimiento, proporcionándole los materiales necesarios para el desarrollo de sus inteligencias múltiples: lingüístico-verbal, lógica-matem...
 KidEdu Farm welcomes toddlers and small kids into an average farm. You can meed various animals here and see how they look ans sound like.      Farm is easy to use for a toddler, but it would be great if you tell what is what.      Animals are portrayed...
 Prototyyppi Prototype
 This is an educational math game for Your kids and why not, maybe for everyone(this is a good brain test and you can improve your math calculations speed). After playing this game, your kids definitely will calculate faster.
 This game is educational game. It teaches kids recognize numbers to count, to play with number and handle time. It's include exciting math, so let your kid enjoy and learn something:-Some basic math :( + , - , x , / ) addition ,subtraction , multiplicat...
 Introducing the new generation of math learning apps powered by handwritten digit recognition. Handwritten input is the most natural for children, no more multiple choice questions or distraction through keyboard input. With our apps kids can better foc...
 Intuitive and child friendly app for preschoolers and first graders. On the home page there are several interactive elements to engage children in interacting and experimenting with a touch screen. The numbers and characters as well as the successfully ...
 Intuitive und kindgerechte App für Vorschulkinder und Erstklässler. Auf der Startseite gibt es mehrere interaktive Elemente um den Kindern Spaß am Umgang mit einem Touchscreen zu vermitteln und damit zu experimentieren. Die Zahlen und Zeichen sowie d...
 Простое и интуитивное приложение для детей дошкольного возраста и первоклассников. На начальной странице присутствуют несколько интера...
 Intuitive and child friendly app for preschoolers and first graders. On the home page there are several interactive elements to engage children in interacting and experimenting with a touch screen. The numbers and characters as well as the successfully ...
 * Way and features of the game *There is a number board from 1 to 9 and the value that optional numbers are added is set as questions. The number of questions is total 10 and an optional value comes out from 10 to 45 as questions. When new questions com...
 Butterfly slide puzzle game that is simple and fun puzzle. It is a game for children. This will be helpful in developing children's ability. Brain activity is a good game.Sliding tile puzzle is a puzzle that challenges a player to slide usually flat pie...
 The best control gameProvides the best multiplication and division games.The most intuitive game playAnyone can enjoy games anytime and anywhere.It is a unique new concept game.Children can learn the concept of money into the game.#Feature IncludeMultip...
 Improve your multiplication skills by saving trophies from certain destruction!Compete versus other players for highest score or challenge them online.Gain XP by gathering cherries or collect trophy tokens and use them to fill your trophy case.When play...
 Practice problem solving in math by looking at images or reading them as sentences.Collect stars & gain XP or compete versus other players for highest score.• Includes math problems in addition & subtraction.• You can purchase multiplication & divis...
 Agiliza tu mente con esta entretenida y sencilla aplicación de sumas, restas, multiplicaciones y divisiones. Las matemáticas son divertidas!!Palabras de Interés: Matemáticas, operaciones básicas, sumar, restar, multiplicar, dividir, agilidad mental...
 A great game to memorize Capitals of US states.The objective of the game is to bring the average score from 5.0 to 10.0.Initially all the state-capital have a score of 5.0 which makes the average score 5.0. When you play the game there will be a series ...
 How good are you in understanding capitals of all the states in the United States of America? Do you have the confidence that you know all the states and their capitals in America?Gradually improve your knowledge of our USA, and prove that you're the ca...
 Através de um jogo divertido, relembre e amplie seus conhecimentos e seja mais um fera na matemática!Esta é uma ótima opção para quem quer testar seus conhecimentos matemáticos. Através dos jogos, é possível recordar e aprender a matemática d...
 ★ Colors with numbers and letters ★ you can enjoy some wonderful drawings to give him your life with great colorswe offer.Learn Numbers and the alphabet coloring it however you like. Do not see mathematics as something black and dark where you do no...
 With ★ Colors: Back to School ★ you can enjoy some wonderful drawings to give him your life with beautiful colors that we offer.Enjoy this wonderful time when you return to find your friends and show them your kind drawings to be surprised with how ...
 Крошечные существа – фиксики – появляются в в неожиданных уголках комнаты и сразу исчезают. Нужно успеть запомнить, сколько раз выглянет...
 Юным игрокам предлагается запомнить расположение карточек с предметами на игровом поле, а потом воспроизвести его по памяти. Некоторые п...
 Книги на полке должны стоять в алфавитном порядке. Надо поставить на места недостающие книги, внимательно изучив буквы на их корешках. В к...
 ► Для полноценных планшетов и телефонов (стабильная работа игры на электронных книгах не гарантируется). ★ Игра не требует доступа к внеш...
 Build words, learn the alphabet and names of the objects in Russian, practice pronunciation. Learn and have a fun!Magic Letters (Russian) is an educational mobile game. You play using toy blocks with letters. The game is divided into multiple stages. If...
 Build words, learn the alphabet and names of the objects in Hindi, practice pronunciation. Learn and have a fun!Magic Letters (Hindi) is an educational mobile game. You play using toy blocks with letters. The game is divided into multiple stages. If you...
 Build words, learn the alphabet and names of the objects in French, practice pronunciation. Learn and have a fun!Magic Letters (French) is an educational mobile game. You play using toy blocks with letters. The game is divided into multiple stages. If y...
 A very fun way for toddlers to learn the English Alphabet letters!This English ABC letters game is part 2 of 3, in a series that will help your toddler learn the full English Alphabet.All of the letters, H-P, are associated with different animals, sound...
 Your kids will learn letters Q to Z in this fun English Alphabet game!This fun alphabet series is an excellent resource for teaching kids the alphabet. Split into three separate games to make the alphabet more manageable, this activity is part 3 of 3 an...
 Let your kids learn alphabets with a delightful app that will guide young learners through important alphabet skill essentials. Helping kids learn alphabets and the objects associated with them. Features:• A very fun way for Kids to learn English Alph...
 Toddlers Animal sounds is an exciting application for toddlers to know different animals and their soundsToddlers Animal sounds is a free and educational game.The application is designed to give children a basic knowledge of English - through the use of...
 Matematiğinizi geliştirebileceğiniz basit ve zevkli bir oyun. Oyunda seçtiğiniz işlem ve zorluk seviyesi üzerinden arka arkaya sorular gelmekte. Soruyu cevaplamak için 15 saniyeniz var. Her doğru cevap için puan alacağınız gibi her yanlış...
 Educational Math Game for Kids!Features★ Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication and Division★ Questions unlimited★ Designed for phones and tablets★ Supported languages: English, French, Turkish
 Slide Puzzle For Kids
 Let's learn Addition with Racing Game![No Ads] https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ajted.NewPlusGameComRacing Addition help children learn basics of addition. Features of the app are * First Addition Level from 1-10 * Second Addition Level...
 Racing Times Table!****No Advertizing!!!!***Total 4 Levels!Let's learn times table with game!Learn Times Table with Racing Game.Learn Times Table with fun!!
 Aide Multiplicator à défendre la princesse en connaissant tes tables de multiplication.4 niveaux de difficulté pour te tester sur les tables de multiplication.Un jeu de tables de multiplication fun et éducatif qui amusera les enfants.Relève le déf...
 Multiplication tables to 100You can choose one of three modes: - multiplication - division, - mixed.Set the number of questions and maximum time to respond.Share your results with your friends.
 Juego para aprender la tablas de multiplicar.El niño/a debe recorrer un camino e ir superando niveles para conseguir medallas y llegar a la meta.El juego cuenta con un medallero para motivar a los pequeños, así como con una base de datos integrada qu...
 Juego con 8 niveles y 24 subniveles para entrenar la memoria visual (memoria fotográfica). Set with 8 levels and 24 sublevels for training visual memory (photographic memory).
 Juego para aprender la tablas de multiplicar.El niño/a debe recorrer un camino e ir superando niveles para conseguir medallas y llegar a la meta.El juego cuenta con un medallero para motivar a los pequeños, así como con una base de datos integrada qu...
 Multiplication Game MathIt's a good educational material to help kids develop/increase their multiplication skills. It comes with a 25x25 time table & quizzes which can help generate a better comprehension. It's also a user-friendly. The quizzes part, t...
 Immerse yourself into the realm of creativity, fun, spontaneity and imagination with ZoLO, a wildly creative and inventively educational game!  Now with the ZoLO•oolo Lite app, there’s a new way to experience the same open-ended and creativity-inspi...
 An amazing coloring app for kids with number book. Help your kid learn to color the kids numbers with endless bright colors in order to nourish the creative ability of your child. An ultimate paint joy for your little one. Coloring book for kids to enjo...
 Let your toddlers learn math in a fun way! Kids Math 123 is an easy math game for toddlers and kids to help them understand counting and numbers. With a learning and quiz mode, you can join your toddler to learn math in a fun and stressless way!Kids Mat...
 ベビー風船は赤ちゃんのためのアプリです。風船をタッチし、数字を楽しく勉強しましょう。風船をタップしたら、数字が表示され、同時に数字の読み方も教えてくれます。 グラフィック...
 Let your toddlers learn spelling and their ABCs with Kids Spell & Learn : Waterworld! Spell & Learn is a series of toddler games themed for children aged one to four. Spell & Learn uses common objects, items or animals to help your child learn their alp...
 This APP is one part of 2baby cognitive APP，much suitable for children aged 2-4.There are a lot of beautifull animals，which are usually seen in our life.It may consolidate our learning.Most children like animals very much.they always wonder what thi...
 Four themes + Recommended for ages 3-5 arithmetic + 11 Learning Contents + Creating custom courses + Dream Aquarium + an adventure with love and  imaginative = Hima the Explorer****** Let's get start to explore this wonderfull sea world with Baobao! ***...
 Fish Aquarium Makeover For Kids And Family provides Virtual Aquarium experiences for Kids and Family.It features :-Large Variety of Cute FishesLarge Variety of AquariumsTons of Aquarium Accessories and Objects to Decorate your Dream Aquarium.Cute and Vi...
 'A' for Apple , 'B' for Ball!!!Kids always learn best with help of examples thats' what 'PreSchool Alphabets' furnish you with.With Comical sound and graphics this app can transport you back to your childhood.The app is all about fun and learn. Kids can...
 Introduce you to a fascinating application for kids!As to draw without risking to overflow or to play with the telephone of his parents, for example.Digital coloring books can be entertaining, but they can instill passivity in kids. This application all...
 Teach your kids the Numbers in most creative way.Identify the correct number and get applause.Experience the Game in 10 different themes :- - The Funny Windows - The Toony Woods - The Wise Kitties - The Healthy Fruits  - The Water Beach - The Great Circ...
 Hop into the cockpit of the fascinating world of jets and airplanes and take off into the skies with this FREE coloring book app! Young children will be captivated for hours adding color to the various aircrafts while also learning valuable life skills....
 Father's Day is a special occasion for all the kids and also grown ups to show their love towards their beloved father. To make him feel he is special, this application allow user to have a friendly greeting card to share on this coming Father's Day wit...
 - Hey, you, little Lionheart, on the other side of the screen! Do you like the smell of adventure? Thenwelcome to the Jungle!!!In the jungle you will spot the hidden monkeys, play catch with two snakes, brush Croco's teeth, find all hidden chameleons, m...
 Balloon tour to complete word
 Are you ready to challenge your memory daily with "Memory" ?Find the matching pairs. Train your memory! Improve your observation capacities!A great game to exercise your memory !GAME FEATURES- Match pairs of cards- Different levels of difficulty- The gr...
 Coloring Board Water Edition is a coloring software for children.It is intended for the youngest among us.Coloring Board Water Edition includes High Definition graphics to take full advantage of these features on tablets!Easy to use it has two main tool...
 Your child will learn more than 20 sounds of animals in a playful way with this funny app. Discover the animals in 8 different worlds with your child. By tapping the animals they will move and make their respective noise. Also trees and other things can...
 Exciting app for kids to know animal sounds, names and appearance. A cute animals and sounds can fully attract the child attention; and succeed in the purpose of learning through playing, and playing while learning.Three amazing games in one application...
 “Animal Puzzles for Kids” is an entertaining educational game for preschoolers. With the help of it parents will be able to introduce to their toddler the variety of numbers and animals, as well as to teach the kid to assemble mosaics of funny color...
 Complete jigsaw puzzles while learning about wild animals, farm animals and identifying the sounds they make.From the award winning developer of Connect the Dots educational game series.This educational and fun App helps young children learn animals and...
 Kids Knowledge will help your child to know:- Animals- Fruits- Vegetables- And more thingsThis app is a fun learning app for children.How does it works?Your kid will see an image of something, if he don't know it he can see what is it, and read all abou...
 Learn Logic Problems with 100 puzzles of all sizes. Work your way up from levels 1 to 6, from beginner to master! From the publisher of the highest rated logic puzzles, this version is designed for the educational market with no in-app-purchase. As alwa...
 The 8 stage of a time-killing game!It is a mind-training game in which the you memorize the numbers that flow by and keep tapping until you get the correct answer.Capable of operation by one-hand.This is an application which can be easily played in tiny...
 Högskoleprovet är ett program som hjälper dig att öva inför högskoleprovet. Appen innehåller frågor från tidigare högskoleprov.Appen innehåller ORD, NOG, KVA, MEK, och LÄS delar med totalt 3500 frågor.Dessutom får du tillgång till statist...
 Högskoleprovet Lite ger dig möjlighet att helt gratis testa den användarvänliga designen och alla funktioner som Högskoleprovet erbjuder. I Lite-versionen kan du testa din kunskapsnivå och frågornas kvalité på 100 ORD-frågor, 20 suffix/prefix,...
 A game for those children who enjoy PIRATES . Your children will enjoy the funniest pictures : the pirate ship , captain hook , pirate flag , parrot , pirate women , the skull , the treasure map ...Have fun with the PIRATES and BORIOL !This application ...
 Does your toddler like the captain jack sparrow, black beard and pirates? Or does your toddler like captain hook, mr. smee and treasure islands of never land? If so this is the app for you and your toddler.This app teaches your toddler letters of the al...
 Sharpen your brain with KNeoWORLD Arcade, games that flex your cerebral muscles. Play a smorgasbord of over 70 games on the web and close to 30 on your favorite mobile device.KNeoWORLD Arcade games have been designed by educators and infused with measur...
 For 2-5 year old kids Does your kids like Dibo the Gift Dragon? Come on kids, let's go to cozyland and play! Fun and educational! Dragons and Puzzles: Little Kid Puzzles for Free game is cool, fun and educational jigsaw puzzles that will both entertain ...
 For ages 3 to 6. My Cute Pony Learns Preschool Math Games for Kids Free is a game about numbers, counting challenge, basic addition, subtraction for kids, matching and number sequences that allows your little one, boys and girls, to build important math...
 For ages 3 to 6.Ballerina Kids Math Games of adding and subtraction games is a game about numbers, counting challenge, basic addition for kids, subtraction for kids, match games for kids and number sequences that allows your little one, bailarinas de ba...
 Give your brain a math workout with this cool math games !Out with the old flash cards, Math Games Flash Battle Area 3D is a cool way to carry out your mathematics drills. FREE! This is an educational cool 3D Math games for kids of all ages. Enter the a...
 Learn incredible magic spells with Magic Spells Book right now!  If you are a real fan of stories about magicians like Harry Potter, Gandalf  and you are interested in secret rituals and ancient legends you are going to enjoy it particularly. Do you rea...
 Smarty Spells is a wonderful App, which introduces the world of Letters, Words, and Spelling to kids. With this addictive App, your kids will improve their spelling skills and become Spelling Bees in no time. The game presents a fun and challenging way ...
 ברוכים הבאים מאייתים חרוצים! הורים יקרים - היזהרו! המשחק ממכר "חכמוני מאיית" היא אפליקציית איות מילים, כיפית במיוחד, המיועדת עבור ילדכם. האפל...
 Here you can do a lot of things on the girl’s hair with different tools, such as wash, dry, blow, comb, cut, trim, straight, curl, and color, meanwhile, you can still have plentiful decorations and props to put, not only on the hair, but also on the g...
 Salon is the ultimate virtual hair salon - now available for the windows Phone .It's a fun game for kids.Let's play the Hair Salon . To be a barber and design various hairstyles for your customer.Having a beautiful hair-style is every princess' dream.No...
 Salon is the ultimate virtual hair salon - now available for the windows Phone .It's a fun game for kids.Let's play the Hair Salon . To be a barber and design various hairstyles for your customer.Having a beautiful hair-style is every princess' dream.No...
 Fantastic story of Soldier Head Paper.In a faraway kingdom called Kingdom of Crumpled Paper, our hero lives Soldier Head Paper.Children having fun with this fantastic story.Educational and entertaining, stirring children's imagination, fun little song a...
 This Application generates mathematical expression then user has to calculate answer of mathematical expression and select one option out of four options, then if selected answer is correct then congratulations message come and if selected wrong option ...
 guess the pictureintroduction of the game:guess the pic is an educational and entertaining game.guess the image is fast and funny challenge for everyone.how is the game played?* have a look to the photo.* spell your answer by clicking on the letters you...
 princess and cartoon memoryintroduction of the game:princess and cards matching puzzle is funny and easy game for children.girls will love this game with a lot of amazing princess and girls images, princess matching cards game will improve the ability t...
 Découvre les emballages alimentaires Tetra Pak dans des aventures interactives en 3D !Filme un emballage Tetra Pak et regarde les  « Tetra Pak Cartoons » courir et bondir … en 3D sur ta table et autour de l’emballage Tetra Pak.Tu ne rêves pas, i...
 Experience Mangalyaan in Awesome Augmented Reality.Mangalyaan is the most prestigious mission of ISRO and is set to reach Mars on 24th September 2014. Did you know that:1. The distance convered by Mangalyaan is equal to 1000 round trips to moon!2. The d...
 一般的に英単語として使われる不規則動詞の過去分詞を、自分で入力して答えるテストです。レベル別には分けていませんが、何度も答えていくうちに、習ったことのない英単語動詞の意...
 一般的に英単語として使われる不規則動詞の過去形を、自分で入力して答えるテストです。レベル別には分けていませんが、何度も答えていくうちに、習ったことのない英単語動詞の意味...
 Does the shape fit in the hole? That's the question everyone is asking... Freaking Shapes is a fun game where you have to react fast to a yes or no question of "Does this shape fit in this hole?". Freaking Shapes tests your reflexes and wits. Believe us...
 Can you tap the right shape in time before the next one appears. A family game.Not just an educational app but a fun interactive game for children and adults of all ages to enjoy.Tap the shapes as they scroll down the screen. Careful though, don't tap t...
 Can you tap the right color in time before the next one appears. A family game.Not just an educational app but a fun interactive game for children and adults of all ages to enjoy.Tap the colors as they scroll down the screen. Careful though, don't tap t...
 Number Games for Kids is an excellent educational app Kids. Math for kids will help your children to practice their math skills, ideal for your children because they will train their brain, imagination and creativity while having fun. A fun and challeng...
 123 Games for Kids is an excellent educational app Kids. Math for kids will help your children to practice their math skills, ideal for your children because they will train their brain, imagination and creativity while having fun. A fun and challenging...
 Our app have 132 Flashcards with great sounds and animations in 11 categories (fruits, furniture, insects, vehicles, cutlery and dishes, clothes, vegetables, animals, bathroom). Fun educational game for your toddlers and preschoolers to start their adve...
 Collection of 7 puzzle games with 84 pictures for your kids!84 pictures in 7 categories: * Aliens, * Robots, * Monsters, * At home, * Dinosaurs, * Sea animals, * Buildings ... are waiting for your little explorer. Each picture has 3 difficulty levels ...
 With 123 Kids Fun Memo, learning through entertainment is not only for kids, but also for their parents. It is already known that exercising brain allows maintaining it in good condition for many years. Games for children in this category develop the ab...
 Interactive, carefully conceived, captivating puzzle games. Designed for Kids: No confusing menus or navigation. Bright, colorful, child-friendly designYour child has 84 pictures in 7 categories to choose: * Fish, * Cuties, * Vegetables, * Worms, * Frui...
 Give to your child an entertaining way to learn the numbers with this interactive application.123 Christmas Numbers is adapted for all children so that they can learn while having fun. They can use the application with or without the help of an adult, a...
 Christmas Memory Game is a funny and entertaining memory game for children and grown-up.Kids love searching for Santa Claus friends, and they are never tired of playing again and again while training their brain!Train your mind and your visual acuity wh...
 Ready to challenge your memory with Memory Brain?This sweet game is marvelous and it should have its place in the national museums all over the world.Improve your memory and boost your mental performance through training.It's a game of concentration and...
 This is a wonderful Ad free App focusing mathematical skill for kids and enhance their math abilities. The little scholar boy on screen responses to kids questions making this game more enjoyable and interesting. This is the best game you will see when ...
 ##Choose if answer on exercise is right or wrong##[IFree app, no adv at all. Just play]This APP@ Improve counting speed @ Teach to count without calculator@ Preparing for maths tests @ Developing your brain Send your best result on Google Play Leader Bo...
 Watch out! Wild animals are escaping the Zoo! As a zookeeper you have to remember everyone who escaped and to get them back. Let's see how many animals you can count. How long you can focus your attention on the animals breaking through the cages!Game...
 This educational app brings zoo to your mobile phones for families and kids.Zoo Animal has been designed for family having toddlers. Parents can teach tropical and wild animals to their kids with this educational app. It is a good way to keep children b...
 You’re looking for a WHOLESOME GAME for your dear children???HIGHLY EDUCATIONAL AND ENTERTAINING GAME!!!!Our new game will satisfy your wish!!! LET’S GO TRY OUT “WONDER ZOO” GAME. Install Wonder Zoo game for FREE!!This educational game introduce...
 The FREE version of the safe and child-friendly puzzle for toddlers and children with lovely designed animals.WITHOUT DISTURBING ADVERTISING!This free app for kids was developed by educators and drawn by renowned illustrators.The learning game is design...
 The FREE version of the safe and child-friendly puzzle for toddlers and children with lovely designed animals.NO DISTURBING ADVERTISING!This free app for kids was developed by educators and drawn by renowned illustrators.The learning game is designed to...
 ♥♥♥♥♥ The perfect education learning puzzle for kids, toddlers and babies! ♥♥♥♥♥Let your kids and toddlers discover the amazing world of dinosaurs and prehistoric animals with this cute children app - Try it now for FREE!The perfect ...
 The safe and child-friendly puzzle for toddlers and children with lovely designed animals.NO ADVERTISING!This free app for kids was developed by educators and drawn by renowned illustrators.The learning game is designed to enhance the following skills a...
 Suited for preschoolers ages 1-6. “Flashlight Animals Puzzles" is a great game for toddlers! “Flashlight Animals Puzzles” is an awesome puzzle game that uses the silhouettes of the animals as a clue to help the toddler identify the correct animal....
 No In-App-Purchases whatsoever! Yay!Have you ever dazed off looking at clouds and let your imagination run wild? If you have then “Cloud Cars Puzzle for Toddlers” is the game for you and your toddler!  “Cloud Cars Puzzle for Toddlers” is an awes...
 Dinosaur Coloring is a coloring book and puzzle skills to children. It can make a child's imagination.It is a game For preschoolers. They can choose Dinosaur Coloring many. And when you're finished coloring You can choose to share to social network. Or ...
 Roar!  Do you have a little one that adores dinosaurs and dino eggs?  Then get ready for some dinosaur delights with Toddler Dinosaur Games Free What’s Different!  Let your little dino lover have a blast looking at pictures of cute, happy dinosaurs pl...
 ✍ Dinosaurs Coloring Games is a perfect place to learn to color in a fun game, you have many colors available so you can complete this very original game.✍ Dinosaurs Coloring Games is a mobile phone application where you can demonstrate that you hav...
 ✍ Coloring for Kids is a game where you can show your talent and creativity, you have many colors available so you can choose the ones you like and can skillfully coloring to get a nice picture painted just for you.✍ Properties Coloring for Kids:- D...
 Baby Girl Coloring is pure fun and creative coloring game for kids (girls and boys). Unleash the creativity of your kid with this coloring fun game so they make use of their fancy imagination and enjoy the game. Coloring for toddlers free!With this crea...
 ✏ Game Halloween Monster Coloring is a game with which you will spend very afraid! A drawing game that you can create scary designs! With a large selection of monstrous images to paint. The best app you'll find among all the free games and free apps!....
 Boo!  Do you have a little one that adores witches and Halloween magic?  Then your little one is invited to a pumpkin patch witches ball in the Halloween Girl Games Witches Match!  Have a spooky time playing with different funky witches, a cauldron, and...
 THE EVIL WITCH HAD ATTACKED THE GARDEN AND RUINED EVERYTHING LITTLE PRINCESS BUILT!!! Can you help the little princess bring her magical farm to its former glory!!!Long Long time ago in a far land, there lived a princess, she had a beautiful magical far...
 Candy Princess Girl is getting ready for her Prom Night Party. Help her be styled and fashioned for the night with a classy makeover, spa and make-up to make her a real eye candy and the start of the show! If you love make-up, makeover, dress-up, salon ...
 GRO GARDEN - let your kids discover ORGANIC GARDENING. Meet Connie the Compost and her friends the Micro organisms. They live under the trees in your Gro Garden, right next to the animals, and they love old food scraps! When you feed Connie and her frie...
 Become your own gardener and create amazing new flower species with the tip of your finger. It’s fun and easy! Simply choose a color and start drawing on one petal and the pattern will be repeated automatically on the other petals, with a kaleidoscope...
 An amazing coloring game for kids. Use real colors to mix and make your very own colorful flowers photo. An amazing coloring fun app for kids. Help your kid learn to color the petals and leaves with endless bright colors in order to nourish the creative...
 Memory Games Apps, A great game to exercise your kids memory! The memory games below will get your children to hone their memory skills and they won't even realise it! Most memory games encourage quiet and concentration too, and the more you play, the b...
 Paint application, graphics image editor app,
 ★★★ Non Ads Version - Totally clean to play★★★★★★ WORLD RECORD now is 124 - share on Facebook if you can get over it ★★★★★★ Crazy Hard, Crazy Difficult than Freaking Math ★★★★★★ From the Country of Flappy Bird ...
 ★★★ non Ads version - totally clean to play ★★★★★★ WORLD RECORD now is 132 - share on Facebook if you can get over it ★★★★★★ Rushing Time, Crazy Hard, Truly Difficult ★★★★★★ Effective way to improve your English...
 SPM Pendidikan Seni Visual 2013 (Terengganu)Koleksi soalan percubaan SPM 2013 seluruh negeri termasuk dengan skema jawapan. Soalan percubaan atau soalan ramalan SPM adalah sangat penting untuk calon membuat persediaan sebelum menduduki peperiksaan seben...
 هذه اللعبة عبارة عن اختبار يتيح للمستخدم التعرف على عواصم العالم.سوف تظهر لك العاصمة و عليك أن تعرف الدولة التي هي تابعة لها.اختبار بسيط و ل...
 Aprèn les capitals dels països europeus amb aquest joc amb tres modalitats. Learn the capitals of European countries with this game with three modes.
 Girls Math is an educational quiz game that provides to kids the capability to practice their mathematic knowledge on addition, subtraction, division and multiplication. They can choose the difficulty of the numbers that will appear or even the way they...
 Basic studying for every children are NUMBER.This is the FASTEST and MOST EFFECTIVE educational tool for your children to learn English vocabulary by viewing images and listening to audios.★ Features:✓ Cartoon images to attract your kids more.✓ Sw...
 The Singapore Management University Board Game- Grade Inflation (or GIGAME for short) is an electronic roll-and-move style board game where players roam through a virtual SMU, answering questions and having encounters depending on where they land. Playe...
 The "Kids Black Board" is a fun and educational game.It is a simple blackboard chalk to draw in different colors.Choose from different colors and the size of the plaster.Easy to learn and control: choose the color palette to be used below,choose the era...
 Blackboard with sounds to help children learn their first letters and figures.Plays the sound of each letter or figure each time it is selected. 40 colors to draw 40 background colors. Ability to save image drawn on the storage device.In English, free a...
 Pizarra con sonidos para ayudar a los niños a aprender sus primeras letras y figuras.Reproduce el sonido de cada letra o figura cada vez que se selecciona.40 colores para dibujar40 colores de fondo.Posibilidad de guardar la imagen dibujada en el almace...
 Vroom!  Do you have a little driver that is learning their colors and adores motorcycles and cruising on two wheels?  Then put on their helmet and jump on for some exciting motorcycle color fun in the Motorcycle Games for Kids Match Race!  Your little d...
 DescriptionKids like to paint something with colorful color. So that's why we offer 80+ Colors to choose from,and from that we still offer many way to color, kids can do painting or they simply can color by using brush or just simply draw from the scrat...
 Fun with the Alphabet - The Letter ABC. Have fun learning the letter and writing the alphabet.Pre-schoolers can learn the shapes and names of the letters of the alphabet playing an educational alphabet game.
 This is an educational, engaging and entertaining game for children of all ages. The game contains arabic (hijaiya) letters Your goal in the game should be match same figures. When all the figures are found you will have completed the game.Content of Ar...
 Kisah-Kisah Cerita Islami sebagai Teman sebelum Tidur untuk Anak dan Orang Tua, bukan dongeng bukan khayalan, inilah kisah teladan yang mulia, Mari ceritakan kepada putra-putri kita agar anak lebih dekat dan bangga dengan agamanya, AmiinTags: game eduka...
 Game edukasi anak edisi 2 merupakan kelanjutan dari Game Edukasi Anak Edisi sebelumnya, semoga bermanfaat khususnya bagi putra dan putri usia pra sekolah. AmiinKeyword: game edukasi, game edukasi anak, edukasi, edukasi anak, belajar, mari belajar, anak,...
 Game Edukasi untuk memperkenalkan anak bentuk-bentuk object dasar, cocok untuk anak-anak usia pra sekolah.Tags: game edukasi anak, game edukasi, edukasi anak, edukasi, belajar, mari belajar, bentuk, belajar bentuk, edukasi gameDISCLAIMER :Some of images...
 Quiz per la preparazione alla patente NAUTICA entro le 12 MigliaEsercitati con più di 500 domande scegliendo la risposta corretta tra tre alternativeAd ogni partita il sistema sorteggia 20 domande tra le 500+ disponibili prendendole da varie categorieL...
 usa questa app per prepararti all'esame teorico per la PATENTE AM! (quello che si chiamava PATENTINO per i ciclomotori)Contiene tutte le domande del quiz preparate dal ministero dei trasporti per gli esami dell'anno 2013-2014, scegli tu la modalità di ...
 usa questa app per prepararti all'esame teorico per la patente B!Contiene tutte le domande del quiz preparate dal ministero dei trasporti per gli esami dell'anno 2013-2014, scegli tu la modalità di esercizio:- Simulazione dell'esame teorico con 40 doma...
 This is a learning Parkour game.In the game，roles can become larger and then crashed obstacles,you can open wings leap obstacles,ignore the problem,As the game progress and continuously improve the speed ，Life is long, happy running!Games can help c...
 Animal 101Animal 101 is an interactive application designed for preschoolers to learn about animals easily. Learn the names of animals with Starwish Little Prince!Target Audience:Children aged 2 - 6Features:- Interactive game mode- Native English, Canto...
 Starwish Little Prince "101 Learning Series" is a series of learning materials for preschoolers. The colourful flash cards, pronunciation and interactive game can help preschoolers picking up new vocabularies easily. "Shape 101" illustrates a toy room w...
 Counting 101Counting 101 is an interactive application designed for preschoolers to understand numbers easily. Learn how to count 1 to 10 with Starwish Little Prince!Target Audience:Children aged 2 - 5Features:- Interactive game mode- Native English, Ca...
 Starwish Little Prince "101 Learning Series" is a series of learning materials for preschoolers. The colourful flash cards, pronunciation and interactive game can help preschoolers picking up new vocabularies easily. "Transport 101" illustrates a modern...
 Alphabet 101Alphabet 101 is an interactive application designed for preschoolers to learn English alphabets and simple vocabulary. Learn the English alphabets with Starwish Little Prince!Target Audience:Children aged 2 - 7Features:- Interactive game mod...
 Mr. SKYLABHelp fix the images from the broken telescope! This simple puzzle strengthens your child's sense of form and figures and problem-solving.FUN LEARNING FOR KIDS – A PARTNER FOR MOMS. STIMULEARN  Island is an interactive learning platform desig...
 Приложение 'Больше или меньше' поможет вашему ребенку понять значение слов больше и меньше, научиться различать размерыРебенку предлагае...
 Lingo Games is a free application from edutainment category that consists of:*** learn Russian by play!*** 11 500 words!*** 8 educational games*** 50 thematic categories of words*** 4 difficulty levels,Russian for beginners, Basics, Intermediate, Advanc...
 Fast learning! Download now!Lingo Games is a learn spanish app from edutainment category that consists of:*** learn spanish words by play!*** spanish learning game!*** 11 500 words (number of free words: 150; rest words are paid))*** a few times faster ...
 English Spanish learning suite to help develop your vocabulary.- Word match game. Match four head words with their translations.- Advanced mode randomizes from the full dictionary, while the standard option selects from the most commonly used words.- Re...
 Learn Spanish Adventure Arcade teaches you Spanish while playing arcade games. Repetitive content helps you learn and retain vocabulary while exciting gameplay keeps you engaged. Six arcade games are included: Pirate Cove, Space Orbit, One Eyed Jack, Ho...
 Learn the English language through fun and play!Match-Up English Starter is both a fun "Pairs" game and English language course in one app. Match-Up English Starter is a fun card game for learning English vocabulary by matching pictures, audio and Engli...
 Learn the English language through fun and play!Learn and Spell English Words is both a fun spelling game and an English language course in one app. Learn and Spell English Words is a fun spelling game for learning English vocabulary. Learn and Spell wo...
 ****Give your kid's the best learning gift ever!**** Educational Learning Quiz.We believe that smart phones and tablets can be a perfect medium for kids to learn. That's why we present this fun and educational game for toddlers and kids.☺☺☺ We apo...
 * Remember Sign Game is the classic board game, which help develop memory skills of children.* Playing this game with your kids will help them improve their recognition while having fun.* Remember Sign Game contains  images of road sign., good for educa...
 Suited for ages 0-9 “Paint Fruits for Toddlers” is a great educational game for toddlers! “Paint Fruits for Toddlers” is an awesome paint experience that reinforces hand eye coordination and engages children for hours on end with multiple levels...
 Hello Boys and Girls! Do you know the names of all the fruits which you eat? Let's check it out!Guess the Fruit - Kids Quiz is a game where your kids will learn to identify the fruits which they often enjoy eating. Guess the fruit kids quiz is an educat...
 A teacher to Listen and Speak pronunciation.  Yes, this application supports your child/ and any one willing to learn ABC.Features:1. Listens to your speech and recognizes close match2. Speaks correct letter3. Acts as a tutor to teach ABCOne of the best...
 Learn more than 3,000 words while playing a time like fruit ninja.... Are you among those parents/teachers, who are always worried about spelling mistakes of their children/students? let me tell you that it is the end of your worries. Yes, you have hear...
 Help your kid learn while playing. Equipped with over 4,000 words fun filled game environment. Kids learn spellings while they treat the monsters who have lost some teeth.Add in multiple kids and create custom levels that suit your kids special requirme...
 Kids learn to spell more 3,000 words by simply popping bubbles and having fun ...!The game is very simple and interesting to play. The child is presnted with a target word and has hints available in form of word pronunciation sound as well as alphbets p...
 Learn more than 3,000 words while playing a time like fruit ninja.... Are you among those parents/teachers, who are always worried about spelling mistakes of their children/students? let me tell you that it is the end of your worries. Yes, you have hear...
 Click on the balloon with the same colors combination as in the peacock long tails.
 This App is projected for small children .Ages 3+The main concept of the app is to solve simple problems of Mathematics in a minute .The App Contains a Score Board in-order to Keep Track of the Progress .Feedbacks are Welcome .Team Digiteriadigiteria.ne...
 Kelimedeki eksik harfi bulun ve doğru yere yerleştirin, Eğlenceli kelime oyununu keşfedin.. Find the missing letter in the word and in the right place, Fun Explore the pun ..
 I'm learning Chinese now very easy-to-learn Chinese with Lanquick program back often and accurate pronunciation exercises you learned your native language with the same bottom with natural perception director to help you learn Chinese. The main features...
 On iPhone/IPad platform, we have recordedover 1 million download, this can't be wrong.Love ChineseThis educational game may be the best toddler interactive game in the market of its kind which inspires a young child’s mind. We used appreciation educat...
 On iPhone/IPad platform, we have recordedover 1 million download, this can't be wrong.Love EnglishThis educational game may be the best toddler interactive game in the market of its kind which inspires a young child’s mind. We used appreciation educat...
 Help kids learn animals. Three are a lot of animals in this app, we can learn animals by his names. What’s more, after study animal and his names, babys can find out correct animal according by his name or his shape. We think Child can learn animal ea...
 Children's Tuotuo Game is designed specifically for preschool early childhood educational products through different game modes, promote baby things, shapes, animals, awareness of traditional culture, inspired by children's imagination, memory, creativi...
 儿童拖拖乐亲子游戏2（增强版）是一款面向10岁以下儿童的早教游戏，它能启发儿童的想象力、记忆力、创造力。游戏共分6大主题，分别有客厅、厨房、商店、学校、动物园、海底世界主题，...
 儿童涂涂乐是一款儿童填色涂色绘画游戏，有多张简笔画涂色卡供孩子们进行填色。采用独特的涂色技术可让孩子们在图案上涂色不出界，同时也区别于市面上多款涂色游戏的点击即上色的玩...
 Girls and Boys, Coloring book 2 The Sea Creatures is coming...This  is a fun coloring/drawing/doodle app for all ages. *** Now, Unleash your child's creativity and imagination, Color/Draw the Whale, Dolphin, Seal and more. ***Features~~~ Completely Free...
 Happy Chinese New Year!Your kid loves coloring books? This is the app for you!MyColoringBook:Chinese New Year  is a fun coloring/drawing/doodle app for all ages. *** Now, Unleash your child's creativity and imagination, Color/Draw the chinese new year h...
 ARA - Augmented Reality Animation1. After install , user can use the ARA application to detect the image marker that has been provided .2. Touch the animation button(walk,jump,run,swim) on the image marker and release finger to see animals' animation .3...
 Training along with the bird !!It is a training app that preach many calculations in 20 secondsRecord is saved automatically and can be viewed at the score screen.Calculation of two-digit, train your brain, work efficiency and performance goes up.
 消費税８％で計算力が求められる今日この頃。。スマートフォンで１００マス計算！脳トレ！指トレ！で活性化（・ω・）少しでも暇なときにちょこっとやるだけでも頭の回転が全然違い...
 StarShot makes learning about letters fun! Sort consonants and vowels while launching Sammy to the stars!Help Sammy the Starfish escape a polluted ocean by bouncing off bubbles filled with letters. Tilt your device side to side to help Sammy pop bubbles...
 One of the most addictive race math game for kids! For free!Race math is a driving game that teaching math.Features:- five game difficulty levels- addictive and intense gameplay- beautiful graphics and sound fx- optimized for smartphones and tablets (HD...
 Are You going by car with a small child? Or maybe You have to do something urgent and need to engage little bambino? Download the app and let the phone / tablet to kid. Just push the vehicle to hear real sound of each one.Additional variety is flying su...
 Make the grade in farming by developing yourself from inexperienced gardener with a small plot of land to prosperous farmer running dozens of factories. Open and explore new plants and animals, manage your own Farmer’s Club and compete in different co...
 Farm Animal Sounds for Kids - entertain your toddler with with pictures and sounds of adorable farm animals.Designed especially for toddlers 1.5 to 5 years, this exciting and educational game will teach your kids names of farm animals and their sounds. ...
 Wild Animal Sounds Quiz - entertain your toddler with with pictures and sounds of adorable wild and endangered animals.Designed especially for toddlers 1.5 to 5 years, this exciting and educational game will teach your kids names of wild animals and the...
 Let your child discover animals of Africa and their sounds in a beautiful scenery. They will also learn the names of animals and their pronunciations English and French.- You will find 15 animals animated and interactive elements.- Child can walk throug...
 *** Ad Free Version ***Support us by buying this ad free version of the game, it will help us to do more game for your kids :)Let your child discover animals of Africa and their sounds in a beautiful scenery. They will also learn the names of animals an...
 Animals Games for kids--------------------------------------Guide an animal through the maze to the watering hole! Choose to play as a lion, cheetah, gazelle, or zebra. Then pick from one of three mazes to play!Matching Memory Games: Use your memory to ...
 Have no time to go to zoo? Install game "Learn animals" for your kid. This is the best game will enjoy with funyy and intersting games and cute animals. In game your kid will learn names of animals, to identify it's shapes, and train memory and logic....
 A fun memory game to play alone or together with a friend! By playing this game your toddler or kid will train their brain! They will also have a lot of fun while they play!The memory cards consist of a lot of different kinds of food, fruits and fun ani...
 Bobbopp is a language game app for young children. In the app you follow a Babbelers’ character - ”Bobbo” walks, swims and flies around The Babbelers’ Valley to collect things with the "right sound" to put in Bobbo’s hat. Can you guess which s...
 If you like 2048, but are bored with bad looking 2048 and ugly numbers, or would like something more cheerful to have fun with, then this one is for you ! A nice puzzle, with : - 2048- 2048 speed.- 3 skins : - 2048 Halloween - 2048 Africa - 2048 Iceberg...
 游戏中包含了几十种常见动物的卡通形象和真是照片，点击动物旁边的小喇叭会播放动物的名字发音，点击动物图片还会有更多神奇的事情发生。触摸左右按钮更换动物。寓教于乐的教育方式...
 Educational software that introducing ABC alphabets to kids or foreigners using related animals, balls, balloons, fishes, car, train, and airplane.Features:* Display the alphabets from A to Z.* Pronounce the alphabets respectively with highlight.* Selec...
 Educational software that introducing different kind of shapes and colors to your kids or beginners who will learn English.Features:* Display different kind of colors (21 colors).* Display different kind of shapes (11 shapes).* Fun game for kids to spel...
 A kids game which teaches about shapes with audio narration and visual examples. It is the ultimate learning experience for all the kids out there. Ever felt that your kid is weak in guessing shapes or you want your kid to have a nice fun concept about ...
 Test your knowledge is an app with quiz questions, there are different -different categories to select for quiz. You can select category and max quiz questions from settings.Best part of this application is, it works in offline mode, No need of internet...
 Quiz your biblical knowledge through this fun and challenging App.Having carefully selected questions and answers, this game will inspire you to play more and more, whetting your curiosity and helping you to improve your knowledge about Bible's stories ...
 This game has five languages: English, Korean, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.Try to make fun with Bible book's order by Puzzle and Action!!New style and Simple game play is suitable from kids to adult who read Bible. Story is well...
 Crow Buster is an outrageously fun math-based puzzle game for kids. The aim of the game is to solve the puzzle by shooting at the correct crow. There are altogether 60 levels to the game, and it gets tougher as you advance to the next level.
 Crow Buster is an outrageously fun math-based puzzle game for kids. The aim of the game is to solve the puzzle by shooting at the correct crow. There are altogether 60 levels to the game, and it gets tougher as you advance to the next level.
 Simply the world’s most fun math curriculum for grades 2-8! “So much fun they hardly realize they are doing math!" - Jodi K., Math Teacher at Fort Cherry Elementary Center “My students absolutely love this program!” - Mandy D., Math Teacher at N...
 Brave little Wonder Bunny needs your help! The mean Bunnisher has stolen the carrots and wacky vehicles from the Wonder Village. Can you help Wonder Bunny to get them back? Join Wonder Bunny and his cute friends in a fun race for carrots and wacky vehic...
 It's Wonder Bunny time! Join Wonder Bunny and his cute friends and learn about animals with this fun-filled game! Wonder Bunny & Animal Friends is an entertaining and captivating learning game, which introduces your children to several beautiful environ...
 This is a matchup game for young kids that will help developing their brain. Thats we call it Kids memory plus. The game has stunning graphics artworks so kids will love  the game, and the gameplay is very simple so that kids can play it.
 Application support du jeu de société plateau "Memotep".Le Jeu de Langue Pharaonique médaillé d'Argent au Concours Lépine International de Paris 2014.Retrouvez-nous sur notre site pour connaitre l'actualité du jeu, les évolutions et informations ...
 Teach your children the Arabic alphabet with this captivating board game. Children journey through an exciting park whilst completing letter flashcards. Learning pace is tailored to individual children using artificial intelligence. 3 levels make the le...
 لعبة رائعة تجمع بين المتعة والتعلم ، لتعليم الأطفال الحروف الهجائية وفق المناهج التعليمية لمادة لغتي ، العبة تضم ٢٤ مرحلة للبحث عن الأحرف ...
 برنامج رائع ومميز بفكرته لتحفيظ الأطفال ١٠ أحاديث تم إختيارها من الأربعون النويية للشريحة العمرية من ٧-١٣ سنة يتميز التطبيق بفكرته الجديد...
 برنامج رائع ومميز بفكرته لتحفيظ الأطفال ١٠ أحاديث تم إختيارها من الأربعون النويية للشريحة العمرية من ٧-١٣ سنة يتميز التطبيق بفكرته الجديد...
 تطبيق يحفز الأطفال على مداومة ذكر الله عز وجل وترسيخ مفوم التسبيح لدى المسلم الصغير من خلال تكرار التسبيح وذكر الله وأنه بذلك سيقوم بزرع شج...
 تطبيق ممميز يساعد الأطفال على حفظ الأذكار والأدعية اليومية ، يحتوي التطبيق على ٢٠ دعاء وذكر من خلال فكرة جمع النقاط ، التطبيق مدعوم بالأصو...
 تطبيق حروف وألوف هو لعبة شيقة تحاكي البرنامج الشهير حروف وألوف الذى يعرض على مجموعة قنوات ام بى سى  لعبة شيقة وممتعة ستتعلم منها الكثير، سو...
 My 2.5 years old daughter was bored, and needed something educational to do.So I made this App for her.  Here she can draw, and learn to count.
 Learn to count, learn the alphabet and have fun at the same time. By connecting the dots in the correct order, your child will learn in a fun way.
 Connect the Dots and form your very own coloring page!Kids Connect the Dots Coloring by TeachersParadise.com Studios is an entertaining and educational app that lets children play with fun coloring activities that teach import basic skills. With over 50...
 Kids Memory Game Cars & Trucks by TeachersParadise.com Studios will support your child's journey to learning! Our fun memory games help teach good study habits and improved reading comprehension as young learners will progress through multiple levels.Yo...
 Find the 5 differences between the 2 colorful Easter and Spring-time images before the clock runs out! The available two player mode allows children or adults to challenge each other to see who is able to find the difference fastest. This app is sure to...
 Match Colors Kids Memory Game by TeachersParadise.com Studios is a great teaching tool for color identification and recognition skills.Our fun memory match game helps children learn the colors in a fun and inviting environment. It's fun and easy for kid...
 Is your toddler obsessed with trucks and vehicles? If so this is the app for you and your toddler. Dump trucks, pickup trucks, digger, tractor, excavator and any vehicle or big transportation, do these sounds like things you child is interested in playi...
 Is your toddler obsessed with trucks and vehicles? If so this is the app for you and your toddler. Dump trucks, pickup trucks, digger, tractor, excavator and any vehicle or big transportation, do these sounds like things you child is interested in playi...
 *** Best for age 2-4 ***Mini Drivers put your child in the front seat of 5 vehicles while performing educational tasks like counting, recognizing colors and expanding their vocabulary.The vehicles are:Garbage truck - collect trash binsPostal truck - del...
 Pudding? Jelly? No!　ha ha ha! 4Drops is simple Brain training game! Make the same panel as quickly as possible! [Rule] When you tap panel,changed as follows! 1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 ->1 Please be the same as the question panel,as quickly as possible! [Stage-...
 スマートフォンで脳が活性化！？あのアインシュタインがあなたのトレーニングをばっちりサポート！約30種類もの多彩な問題と、脳の働きにちょっと詳しくなれるワンポイント解説を収...
 全29種類の計算問題を解いて脳トレ！更に、全155種類のキャラクターを育てよう!!・計算 初めは、2種類しかない計算問題。 計算問題を解くと、レベルUPポイントとコインを獲得できます。 ...
 計算力を武器に戦いを挑め!!大人も楽しめるドキドキの 脳トレ 計算 ゲーム。経験値を溜めてライフを増やすと次の バトル がクリアしやすくなるぞ。HardSTAGEの全クリアをめざせ!!■□■□...
 色を合わせて遊べる子ども向けアプリです。 "もんだい"の 色 と同じ 色 を選んで 動物 の絵に触れると正解です。動物が鳴き声で祝福しますよ。６色の中から"もんだい"と同じ 色 を選ぼう...
 脳のトレーニングをするアプリです。観察力を強化して右脳を鍛えることができます。一番大きい数字を探し当てるというゲームですが、少し難しいです。細かいルールは以下です。【ル...
 Awesome reaction game to train your memory and gumption! Cool educational game for kids - Find The Numbers Puzzle! New number book game for all the fans of the memory games and mathematics game! It is a wonderful number game for kids and adults, who lov...
 Keep Your Brain Active! Use it or lose it. IS YOUR BRAIN ACTIVE? Sharpen Your Brain with this brain training game that will analyze your memory, concentration, reaction and accuracy abilities. Test your brain in mathematics.With MILLIONS of worldwide do...
 -this game allows you to rotate photos chosen from the gallery.-Click on piece of picture to complete the main picture-30+ pictures
 Art Quiz is a simple multiple-choice game. It lets you to learn and test your knowledge about great paintings and artists. The game has four modes: Guess artist, Guess artwork, Guess museum, Guess creation date.Features:- Multiple-choice questions- Imag...
 Art Quiz is a simple multiple-choice game. It lets you to learn and test your knowledge about great paintings and artists. The game has four modes: Guess artist, Guess artwork, Guess museum, Guess creation date.Features:- Multiple-choice questions- Imag...
 Help baby discovers the world.Baby's first app will show baby colors, animals' roar, and he can even plays music !free app without any app !
 ABC Guess! is amazing and addictive guessing game! See the image and guess the word! Count how many star  you get!Contains Over 50 Levels! all Free!
 Развивающая игра для детей и взрослых, помогающая не только изучить английский язык, но и с удовольствием провести время. Суть игры проста...
 Educational and entertaining game for kids. Connect the dots with numbers in the correct order to get a picture. This game teaches attention, perseverance and ordinal numbers.Keywords (tags): connect the dots, teach ordinal numbers, games for preschoole...
 Educational game for kids. Collect all puzzle pieces to get a picture. This game develops attention, perseverance and motility of fingers. And also fills up a lexicon of the child.Keywords (tags): collect a figure, collect a puzzle, the developing games...
 Our children's little minds are like sponges that are thirsty for knowledge. Give them the tools they need to grow.Sponge Minds Preschool is here to help start them on the right path by making it FUN & EASY to learn.This app focuses on 6 areas...-ALPHAB...
 Демо версия содержит 20 заданий. Полная версия содержит более 80 заданий.Приложение поддерживает телефоны и планшеты.Соедини Точки - развив...
 It’s an educational game filled with interesting activities, pleasant music and colorful special effects for children aged 1 to 6. This app will allow kids to get new knowledge, consolidate it, improve logical thinking skills and memory in an easy and...
 Get creative and use "Paper Cut Studio" to tell a story, make a shape poem, and create your own illustration easily."Paper Cut Studio" is designed to unleash every child's artistic talent. Using colorful shapes , your kids will be able to create their o...
 Test your knowledge of states and their capitals.
 Kid's Edition of Tap-Tap Challenge Game.Check your reaction in this exciting and addictive game.Tap tiles with the right symbols. Don't tap the wrong ones.24 stages, each with 4 different levels and own tasks.Show what you are good for in this challenge...
 Android iLearn ABC & 123  - Tablet Users Want your children to have fun, enjoy and learn alphabets & numbers at the same time?Want to increase their concentration level?All this is now just a click away!!Go ahead and download our “iLearn ABC” App an...
 Android iLearn missing ABC & 123 - (phone/Tablet )UsersWant your children to have fun, enjoy and learn alphabets & numbers at the same time?Want to increase their concentration level?All this is now just a click away!!Go ahead and download our “iLearn...
 ''ABC 123" is an EASY & ENTERTAINING way for kids to practice ALPHABETS & NUMBERS.HOW to play - 1. select a mode among EASY, NORMAL & EXPERT2. Select ALPHABETS (ABC) or NUMBERS (123) to start playing from Level-1 to Level-3.3. Find the TARGET character ...
 *** NO ADS ***Android iLearn missing ABC & 123 - (phone/Tablet )UsersWant your children to have fun, enjoy and learn alphabets & numbers at the same time?Want to increase their concentration level?All this is now just a click away!!Go ahead and download...
 The drawings are simple enough for young children to explore drawing and colors, to go beyond realism and to expand the limits of their imagination.Digital coloring books can be entertaining, but they can instill passivity in kids. The voice prompt invi...
 The voice prompt invitations give kids autonomy over the app. Each illustration presents an opportunity to enhance both skills and imagination. And, of course, to have fun with art making.The drawings are simple enough for young children to explore draw...
 Digital coloring books can be entertaining, but they can instill passivity in kids. Tap and a color field automatically fills a shape. Or, paint and the app keeps your color stroke within the lines for you.The drawings are simple enough for young childr...
 A New Way to Read• Follow Badanamu friends on a fun adventure with animals and Nemies.• First ever hands-on reading application• Builds reading confidence in beginning readers• 10 progressive stories• Meet 26 fun Nemies• A great phonics intr...
 A world-first ! ****  Reduced Price in these 34 countries: Bolivia, Bulgaria, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Egypt, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, Pakistan, Peru, ...
 Moja Książeczka to cyfrowa książka, która powstała na postawie brytyjskiego nursery rymes „Trzy małe świnki”. Ilustracje do tego opowiadania zostały narysowane przez dzieci podczas obchodów Dnia Dziecka w Miejskim Ogrodzie Zoologicznym w P...
 Costumes of Europe? Costumes of Asia? Costumes of Brazil, which is WorldCup held? Here comes the App to solve these issue. Make yourself world fashion with costumes and makeup of variety country. Study costumes with wikipedia and learn country name, cos...
 Game anak perempuan adalah aplikasi gam edukasi khusus untuk anak perempuan. Lewat game ini anak anda akan belajar bagaimana cara merias dan memakai baju yang sesuai. Hasilnya juga bisa di simpan atau di bagi ke berbagai pilihan social media, tentunya a...
 A very crazy Number Salad! Who can keep the overview?Use the might of math! Play against the time and try to find the searched numbers by matching lines of numbers.The longer the lines, the higher the points.Number Salad is a different kind of puzzle ga...
 Tap Tap Everywhere allows you to create fun educational games for kids. Simply add a photo, select the area, record your voice and your kid is ready to play. You can take a photo, pick an existing image, or search online. Record with your own voice and ...
 Questo gioco è un gioco di domande e risposte.Per ogni domanda avete 20 secondi in disposizione.Per ogni risposta esatta guadagnate in punti il vostro temporimanente(più veloce rispondete più punteggio guadagnate).Potete fare fino a 3 risposte sbagli...
 Practice chess against 3 AI distinct AI personalities or challenge your friends in online multiplayer.SparkChess is available on Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, Chrome, Android tablets, iPad and Playbook.The Full Version has more features, including a beautifu...
 We bring FUN to educational games for kids! With more than 50 free images available (and more to come with updates)Connect-The-Dots has become one of the most prominent way for kids to learn about shapes. It allows children to learn sequencing, patterns...
 GAME DESCRIPTIONWarm Sun, Grassy field, and the sound of nature going about their business. This is the best time for people to for a picnic don’t you think?  Well, do you know who’ll love the picnic season more than the people? Ants! Not just the u...
 Train your memory with this minimalistic game.The game generates path from one point to another.After few seconds path will disappear. Your aim is to remember and repeat path. Simple!Compare your scores with other players via online leaderboard.
 QCat - Toddler Vehicle Puzzle (free)If you have a child, a litte boy, and he must love airplane, firetruck, rocket, camion and automobile. He is also curious with engine and machine. He like outdoor activity and sport, and always want to learn to drive....
 Does your toddlers love fishes, or the wide ocean? This game for your toddler, it include very cute & lovely sea fishes. Let your little kids start to explore the ocean. This puzzle game helps your toddlers develop matching, tactile and fine motor skill...
 ICT-KorKaiแอป ก กุ๊กไก่ คัดไทยหรรษาพัฒนาโดยนักศึกษาสาขา ICT ปีการศึกษา 2556 คณะวิทยาศาสตร์ มหาวิทยาลั...
 ก-ฮ มหาสนุกหรรษาพาน้องเรียนสนุก ชุด ก.ไก่เรียนรู้กับพยัญชนะไทยทั้ง 44 ตัว กับการ์ตูนแสนสนุก...
 This is a simple math application.It’s time for kids to crunch numbers in a fun way! While math can be an intimidating subject for some kids. The best part is that kids won’t know they are learning because they’ll be having so much fun playing mat...
 for fun. Let's play.
 Detta är ett simpelt mattespel - min första Android applikation utvecklad som uppgift för Högskolan Kristianstad och för publicering på Google Play.Spelet går ut på att till en början addera 2 tal med varandra med målet att nå 10.När du väl...
 Enkelt mattespel Simple math game
 ===================================2048 for Kids=================================Want to play with memory chips? An awesome memory and brain stimulating game made for kids. This is not so tough but its quite challenging for kids.Pair the memory chips an...
 Baby Rattle Toy (With Child Lock) – an interactive rattle toy for your infant or toddler★Child lock ensures your kid accidentally does not make calls or get out of the app while enjoying it★ Six different rattle styles. Each with different sound e...
 The babies you love are back and they are up for some home adventures! Kids will learn responsibility by helping around the house with 6 fun & educational activities. Matching socks, washing clothes, growing plants, tidy up their room and more!After 7.5...
 - “Very suitable for all those mothers-to-be. ”- “Babies are so cute!”- “So busy to look after so many babies!”Hi my friends! Do you miss Hugs N Hearts???Here is our brand new game. To be a Mom! From pregnant to raising up babies!Features:...
 Preschool Brain Train - is an educational childish game that has been orientated towards preschool children.The game is divided into two main parts *:1. Educational part, which introduces to your child numbers from 1 to 10, basic geometric shapes, as we...
 NOTE: The content of this app is the same as Hooked on Phonics non-Classroom edition. This Classroom Edition is unlocked and contains teacher instructions and teacher controls. To sample the app, we recommend that you download the free, non-Classroom ed...
 “Designed with kids in mind - Kids Doodle & Discover is an open canvas for creativity with a dash of kids math (spatial & geometry gameplay) through tangram puzzles.” – Benjamin C., FounderWhy install this app for your kids?Kids Doodle & Discover ...
 This is the app for you!!!Searching a fun way for your kids to practice basic maths? Lets dive into the water and see what the fish have for you and your kids.Aqua Logic for kids is an educational and entertaining game..!!!What you need to do is Just dr...
 Numbugs is a fast-paced maths game app which provides a fun way for children to improve their mental arithmetic skills.The Numbugs are invading! Help Addy the anteater on his journey through the jungle, as he battles to stop the Numbugs from taking over...
 Let Millie Mouse guide you through a series of simple tests to test and enhance your Key Stage 1 mathematics. With her animated antics and cute voice you will be compelled to beat your high scores in tests designed to challenge and engage. Improve your ...
 Ri Happy apresenta: Solzinho RaceAqui o desafio é duplo. Resolva corretamente as contas que aparecerão abaixo do game e faça com que seu carro de corrida seja o mais veloz possível.Fácil e intuitivo, este game irá exercitar sua coordenação motor...
 PBKids apresenta: Memória do PebêComo está a sua memória? Será que você consegue se lembrar rapidamente e sem errar das caixas de brinquedos do jogo da Memória do Pebê?Este aplicativo educativo, fará com que você quebre a cabeça sem que a div...
 Хотите научиться быстро считать в уме?Может вы хотите, чтобы ваш ребенок освоил таблицу сложения и умножения? В нашей игре вы сможете без п...
 Хотите научиться быстро считать в уме?Может вы хотите, чтобы ваш ребенок освоил таблицу сложения и умножения? В нашей игре вы сможете без п...
 ▷ 2.0 version news!- Plus game was transformed into a math game completely. Through this game addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division can learn to have fun.▷ 1.1 version news!- Last 7 Days Rank, Last 30 Days Rank added▷ Description- Th...
 Math Bird was conceived to challenge your basic math skills of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. Each level increases in difficulty with the number of digits in an expression and the operations used. This is a great game to learn simpl...
 1st Games Counting Game for Kids!In this game, kids can count up to quantities of ten. Learn addition and numbers while having fun! By adding groups numbers up to ten, kids create puzzles, practice counting, and enjoy creating beautiful pictures. There ...
 Les écoliers vont aimer les additions !« Révise tes tables d’addition » est un jeu pour apprendre et mémoriser les tables de 1 à 10.Plongé dans l’univers de la Préhistoire, votre enfant va partager le quotidien d’une surprenante famille de...
 Practise addition sums with the Everlasting Maths Worksheet. Choose from 3 levels of addition sums from single digits to three figure problems. Each sum is randomly produced one at a time on a blackboard style interface. Audio and visual encouragement l...
 Very fun brain training game. Enjoy with a fun and educational game to practice addition. It is a fun math practice. Learn playing.Now with achievements and leaderboardVery simple addition. Values can range from 0-9. Perfect for kid from 3 to 99 years o...
 Very fun brain training game. Enjoy with a fun and educational game to practice addition. It is a fun math practice. Learn playing.Now with achievements and leaderboardVery simple addition. Values can range from 0-9. Perfect for kid from 3 to 99 years o...
 ¿Eres capaz de colocar los números en la rueda antes de que se acabe el tiempo? ¡Date prisa, demuestra lo que sabes en sumas y restas y lo ágil que eres en el juego! Bit Sumas y Restas es un juego de matemáticas para niños de 1º de Primaria donde...
 ¡Que no te roben los pollitos! ¡Ayuda a la gallina a contestar unas preguntas antes de que el marciano se lleve a sus crías! Date prisa, contesta rápido y afina tu puntería para atacar a la nave. Bit Was es un juego de inglés para 4º de Primaria ...
 Increíble juego donde deberás dirigir a BIT por la ciudad hasta su destino. ¡Pero tienes que estar atento, leer las instrucciones y adivinar su destino antes de que se acabe el tiempo! Bit City es un juego de inglés para 5º de Primaria donde podrá...
 ¿Estás en 3 de Primaria? ¿Te crees muy bueno en puntería? Acierta la bola en la cesta correcta pero ¡atento! Antes tendrás que solucionar un problema para adivinar cual es la cesta correcta, ¡sólo para valientes! Bit Cifras I es un juego de mate...
 Demuestra que eres el más rápido resolviendo operaciones y el más habilidoso recogiendo las gotas con la solución correcta. Pero date prisa, ¡llegan tormentas que dificultan la visión! Bit Operaciones es un juego de matemáticas para 5º de Primar...
 ¡Dale a la manguera para demostrar lo que sabes! Pero antes de disparar y afinar la puntería del chorro tendrás que demostrar tus conocimientos sobre las reglas de acentuación de palabras. Bit Acentos es un juego de lengua para 4º de Primaria donde...
 An adaptive practice programme to learn division facts up to 10 that will really improve your math skills! Mathblobs is a practice programme which automatically adjusts itself to your math level. The programme chooses the right collection of division su...
 Pogg Cards is a flashcards and quizzing app designed to help kids learn a variety of words, including actions and spatial concepts. It stars Pogg, a little green alien, and he demonstrates over 50 words through “touch the picture where Pogg is…” q...
 PieQuest is a math and puzzles game, dedicated especially for children from 3 to 12 years old. It has three different playing modes: the Math Training mode, the Puzzles mode and the Game mode.PieQuest- Math Training is a math and puzzles game, and since...
 Run through centuries of history in this fast paced, side-scrolling adventure! Collect coins and facts, avoid artifacts, defeat enemies, and race your way through five great world empires: Ancient Egypt, Ancient Rome, The Maya Civilization, The Ming Dyn...
 Oyunda İngilizce Kelimeler Geliyor Fakat Harfleri Karışık Bir Şekilde Yapmanız Gereken  Kelimeyi Karışık Harfler Arasından Bulmak  Eğlenceli ve Eğitici Bir Oyun .Umarım Beğenirsiniz. But the letters in the English word games are coming in ...
 Do you like mathematics? prove your ability to answer all math question with play this game ! so you can measure your  skill to answer math  question.KIDS MATH is a  fun games about Math Quiz For Kids , but you will not easy to answers each level if you...
 Do you like Animal ? prove your ability to guess animals name with this game ! so you can measure the knowledge of famous animals with this Guess The Animal Quiz game.  GUESS animals QUIZ  fun games about animals, but you will not easy to answers each l...
 ★★★★★Googly match is a traditional memory match card game specially designed for children.  Adults will also enjoy the gorgeous artwork and high quality graphics.  Similar in quality to other apps for kids reviewed on Famigo.com for the Androi...
 With application Animals Memory Game you Play memory game with animals image a memory game that combines practice your visual memory with funny pictures of animals.Animals Memory Game is a memory game for children and adultson application animals memory...
 Jogo educativo que auxilia na memorização de figuras. CARACTERÍSTICAS DO JOGO- Combinar pares de figuras ilustrativas.- Objetivo do jogo é conseguir juntar todos os pares com menor número de movimentos.Boa Diversão! Educational game that helps in ...
 Ready to go back to school? No matter the age your kids have, for preschool kids or school kids, toddlers and kindergarten kids, this animal quiz games are surely a fun way to entertain them and at the same time to learn something new about all kinds of...
 This is a bundle of 10 educational games which help you teach children to recognize numbers and count from 1 to 10 both forwards and backwards. It also develops attention, and visual and aural memory. The app comes with narration! The game supports Engl...
 @ Recognizing the flag of each country in the world through games@ Improve your knowledge of geography@ 200+ flag of country data@ 4 game mode
 U.S.A Map PuzzleRecognizing the U.S. administration area locationThe puzzle game for kids@usa puzzle
 Arithmetic Practice for Kids is a math game for your kids. This math game helps your kids to practice arithmetic problems and gain mastery in addition, subtraction, multiplication and division through practice. Six different difficulty levels for arithm...
 Addition & Subtraction is a game for kids between the ages of 3 and 8. Kids can easily learn the basics of Addition & Subtraction and enjoy the game in Realtime with Friends and FamilyAddition & Subtraction is an internationally patented, internationall...
 Lucky Letters is a game for kids between the ages of 3 and 8. Kids can easily learn the Alphabet and enjoy the game in Realtime with Friends and FamilyLucky Letters is an internationally patented, internationally copyrighted and specifically designed ga...
 Spin For Numbers is a game for kids between the ages of 3 through 8. Kids can easily learn how to identify numbers and enjoy the game in Realtime with Friends and FamilySpin for Numbers is an internationally patented, internationally copyrighted and spe...
 If you are looking for ABC Learning Games for Kids then you are at right place.In the innovative era of the 21st century, people have more tools for teaching their children than ever before, and they are often right at their fingertips. However, because...
 ABC Alphabet letters is so easy to learn now! Fun games for kids are the best parents friend and helper when it comes to ABCs and alphabet train.There are so many different "methods" and "programs" out there on the best way to teach Children the letters...
 aplicación de restas para niños de un solo numero sin llevar, con dibujos de animalitos para hacer mas divertida la tarea de aprender a restar. application of subtraction to children without taking a single number, with drawings of animals to make the...
 Výučbové kartičky pre deti (3-7 rokov).Ucelená sada výučbových kartiček ponúka deťom veľa hodín zábavy a súčasne aj výučby. Výrazy a pojmy boli dôkladne vybrané pod dohľadom učiteľov základných škôl. Obrázky sú krásné fot...
 Anotimpuri este o aplicatie multimedia interactiva ce ajuta copiii sa invete mai usor ordinea anotimpurilor si specificul fiecaruia.Aplicatia ofera copiilor posibilitatea de a interactiona cu obiectele din scena, fiind ajutați de catre un narator virtu...
 Train your brain with this educational game, boost your memory, there are nearly 300 images of flags from around the world. With this application you can learn the names of flags because while playing these displays.Find the pairs of identical flags, bo...
 This is a game designed for anyone from 5 to 105 years old, a simple but powerful tool for either learning math as a child or keeping the mind stimulated long after high school or college.Think of a calculator with a stopwatch built in, someone gives yo...
 This game will test your speed and accuracy at the same time. In this game there will be multiple time based stages. You will get stage description before start of each stage. Score will be calculated on the basis of correct or incorrect answers attempt...
 -> Test and improve your mental ability so that you can become a maths genius !-> Play fun games to keep your mind fit.-> Compete against your previous records to constantly get better and have fun trying to improve your score.-> Play progressively more...
 "Let's Calculate" is a game designed to stimulate your brain. Play this mind game once a day to train up your brain and make it in good health. If you want to improve your math, memory and even your reaction time, try it now. Calculate can be fun!Featur...
 Jugando Aprendo Inglés es una entretenida aplicación creada por fonoaudiólogas chilenas, la cual tiene por objetivo favorecer el aprendizaje de vocabulario básico en inglés a través de entretenidos juegos con imágenes, textos y audio. La aplicaci...
 The application provides 4 separate stories, each illustrated in three colorful pictures. The aim is to put each story in order based on the logical sequence of events. The stories have a humoristic character and relate to events in everyday life in a v...
 The application provides 46 separate stories, each illustrated in three colorful pictures. The aim is to put each story in order based on the logical sequence of events. The stories have a humoristic character and relate to events in everyday life in a ...
 The award-winning, evidence-based software program is now an Android® app! First, students go to the sequencing Fun House. Then they use their tokens in the Arcade. Finally they become Sequencing Superstars! HearBuilder Sequencing features 120 illustra...
 The award-winning, evidence-based software program is now an Android app! HearBuilder Following Directions gives students a systematic way to improve their auditory and following directions skills! At the same time, students will learn how to become Mas...
 When someone reads out numbers such as a phone number or account number, do you have trouble storing the numbers in your memory? Do you have to get people to repeat things to fully remember what was said? If so, you might have poor verbal short-term mem...
 This evidence-based, interactive program helps students improve their phonological awareness and listening skills. Students earn instruments and band members to form the rock band The Phonemix while learning to segment, blend, and manipulate sounds. Thi...
 Our award-winning, evidence-based software program is now an Android app! Join Recall Agents Kim and Joey to save MemoryTown from Dr. Forgetsit while practicing important auditory memory, closure, and comprehension skills. Take a FREE tour of the first ...
 A new type of memory game, based on voice and auditory stimulation! Try to remember the names and the orders of the clients then, according to the game type, repeat them in the right time!
 Jogo de Memória para alfabetização infantil baseado no Método das Boquinhas.O método utiliza-se além das estratégias fônicas (fonema/som) e visuais (grafema/letra), as articulatórias (articulema/Boquinhas). Seu desenvolvimento foi alicerçado n...
 Jogo educativo para crianças que estão iniciando a alfabetização. Colete os ovos para formar o alfabeto, mas tome cuidado com o lobo. Educational game for children who are beginning literacy. Collect the eggs to form the alphabet, but beware the wol...
 Game for mathematical literacy. Drag the golden blocks to form the numbers.
 "Virtual Butterfly" is an insect that uses your phones camera background to fly!For kids 3 years old and up.Critical Thinking Skills and Creative Problem Solving abilities only come by developing your child’s imagination. To solve a problem or answer ...
 Great for Tablets and large screen phones! Kids from 2 - 6 year old.Because Learning should be fun! GamePlanet2000 has joined forces to help our preschoolers kids learn the Alphabet in a different and entertaining way using kids mini-games and puzzles.K...
 MiniMini Fish takes you and your loved ones on a journey, during which children can participate in a number of professionally designed games, to ensure their optimal development. When creating this game, our main priority was to give you a set of exerci...
 MINIMINI FISH EXPLORES THE WORLDMiniMini Fish takes you and your loved ones on a journey, during which children can participate in a number of professionally designed games, to ensure their optimal development. When creating this game, our main priority...
 Rybka MiniMini poznaje świat – to szereg gier i zabaw mających na celu mądre, bezpieczne i ciekawe zorganizowanie czasu dziecka. Priorytetem jest dobra zabawa, dawanie radości i poczucia sukcesu, a dodatkowo, niejako przy okazji, dziecko uczy się...
 This program will help your child learn the names of animals in English, French, Italian, Germany, Spanish or Russian, and find out what sounds they(cat,dog,horse,fox,cow,wolf and many more) make. The program works in two modes: - In the gallery mode ch...
 APLIKACJA BEZPŁATNA ZAWIERA TYLKO JEDNĄ AKTYWNĄ ZABAWĘ. POZOSTAŁE 8 ZABAW MOŻNA DOKUPIĆ W APLIKACJI.Rybka MiniMini poznaje świat –to szereg gier i zabaw mających na celu mądre, bezpieczne i ciekawe zorganizowanie czasu dziecka. Priorytetem j...
 Pokaż swojemu dziecku Świat Bakusia. Ćwicz spostrzegawczość, dodawaj, odejmuj i zgaduj razem z ulubionymi postaciami Bakusia. Wiele ciekawych gier w jednej aplikacji:• Alfabet Bakusia• Licz z Bakusiem• Test Wiedzy• Łamigłówki• Wyścigi...
 Geografia z Bakusiami to niesamowicie wciągająca gra dla całej rodziny, doskonały sposób na naukę poprzez zabawę. Aplikacja swoją prostotą oraz barwną kolorystyką bez wątpienia podbije serce niejednego dziecka. Gra podzielona jest na 5 róż...
 360 soalan objektif untuk PMR PBSMR Geografi.Fungsi:1) Semak jawapan terus2) Boleh diguna secara offline3) Tidak ada caj4) Tiada login diperlukan5) Dibiayai oleh iklanJika ada masalah ataupun cadangan, sila hubungi jeleow@yahoo.comKeywords: Geografi, Ge...
 Prewriting with Gaar is an application for tablets that aims to bring closer prewriting and writing to both children differently abled and those that start.With Gaar, kids learn in a fun way and without realizing the principles of writing, opening the d...
 Cash Register is a free game for kids. It's great for learning kids how to deal with money.You must put some products to your shopping cart (by clicking on them). When you're done, you have to pay - by clicking on money, until you reach enough money. Yo...
 Написалкин is the perfect game for kids who want to learn how to spell in both Russian and English! The game has multiple difficulty levels making it fun for both the youngest as well as for the older kids. Написалкин allows for the ...
 Schreiblein is the perfect game for kids who want to learn how to spell in both German and English! The game has multiple difficulty levels making it fun for both the youngest as well as for the older kids. Schreiblein allows for the children to learn a...
 Writing German Words with Fragenbär – Space School Alphafull version with 10 games (No In-App Purchases) – recommended for children older than 7 years »Hello, Fragenbär to earth, come up here!« Of course this urgent distress call from Space Scho...
 Attention Games with Fragenbär – Find the Pirates Treasure – full version with 10 games (No In-App Purchases)Pirates love to play! However, is there any chance to win against Captain Dog? But one day the captain is incredibly bored – so he invite...
 Do you want your child to learn alphabet as soon as possible? Writing ABC is the best way to start learning ABC! This game will help you and your child to develop hands and fingers movements, visual memory, ability to memorize some alphabet letters. Add...
 Try out new developmental game - Sorting Objects For Kids! In this game your children will get a nice opportunity to assort easily  different items relying on some peculiar features permitting to put them into in one or another classification. HOW TO PL...
 Creative math test Time Travel Math is a new entertaining app that will help you to improve your calculation skills and logical thinking in a most interesting way. It's a new time calculator for curious time travellers: get into the future and come back...
 Learn fractions without any effort with Give The Answer Fraction! Logic games amateurs will appreciate this creation properly! Spend your leisure time developing counting abilities in a new entertaining way! Choose the right fractions and get scores.  T...
 Aprender a Brincar é a nova aplicação da Nestlé Nutrição Infantil. Porque os primeiros 1000 dias são determinantes para o desenvolvimento futuro do seu bebé, criámos também uma coleção de jogos e atividades para bebés até aos 3 anos de ida...
 Fairy Toddlers Puzzles is a learning game for children aged between 2 and 5 years old. let your toddler play with it while developing his or her fine motor skills! Our apps are developed by well-loved educational experts with years of teaching experienc...
 Your kid loves puzzles and wants to play with cars, motors, trucks, tractors ? This is the app for you!Toddlers puzzles : Vehicles is a learning game for children aged between 2 and 5 years old. let your toddler play with it while developing his or her ...
 Your kid loves puzzles and wants to play with princess, princes, castles, tiaras ? This is the app for you!Toddlers puzzles : Princess is a learning game for children aged between 2 and 5 years old. let your toddler play with it while developing his or ...
 Toddlers puzzles : Colors is a learning game for children aged between 2 and 5 years old. let your toddler play with it while developing his or her fine motor skills and easily learn the colors! Our apps are developed by well-loved educational experts w...
 Наверняка с вами бывало такое, что находясь в транспорте или на отдыхе вам хотелось немного размять свой мозг? Специально для вас мы созда...
 A game for brain training. Showing logical expressions. The result of the expression may be a "true" or "false." The purpose of the game - to determine the correct result in the greatest possible number of displayed expressions for the least possible ti...
 Hayvan Sesleri Çocuk OyunuDegerli anne ve babalarBu uygulamada çocuklar ın özellikle 3 - 5 yaş arası çocuklar için hayvanları tanımak açısından oldukça faydalı bir oyun. Bu oyunda küçük çocuklar hayvan seslerini vahşi ve evcil hayvan...
 Tebak kata adalah sebuah permainan teka teki, dimana pemain harus menebak kata berdasarkan katagori yang telah di pilihnya. Permainan ini sangat mudah dan sederhana, dengan memainkan permainan ini anda akan belajar untuk mengenal mengenai ciri-ciri suat...
 Sebuah Permainan Asah Otak dengan melihat gambar dan menebak nama hewan tersebut.jika mengalami kesulitan dalam menebak gambar tersebut terdapat opsi bantuan.Permainan ini adalah jenis menebak gambar dan memberikan nama hewan tersebut.Melalui Game ini, ...
 Ini adalah suatu permainan menebak gambar yang dimana gambar gambar tersebut adalah objek wisata dan kebudayaan yang ada disumedang. permainan ini bertujuan mengenalkan objek wisata dan kebudayaan sumedang agar dapat menambah wawasan para pengguna baik ...
 Tebak Gambar Anak merupakan permainan sederhana untuk melatih pengetahuan anak tentang buah-buahan dan membantu meningkatkan kecerdasan anak. Game Tebak Gambar Anak ini cocok untuk semua tingkatan usia  baik perempuan maupun laki-laki terutama anak usia...
 Tebak Gambar Hewan adalah sebuah aplikasi android yang edukatif, cocok untuk anak atau adik-adik kita. Aplikasi ini mengajak anda menebak nama hewan yang sedang ditampilkan. Semua gambar hewan dalam aplikasi ini adalah hewan asli indonesia.Selamat menik...
 Bangsa yang besar adalah bangsa yang menghargai jasa pahlawannya.Uji kemampuan pengetahuan sejarah anda tentang nama-nama pahlawan yang telah memperjuangkan kemerdekaan INDONESIA.Setidaknya dengan bermain game ini kita dapat mengenal sosok pahlawan nasi...
 Guess the name of Indonesian hero
 DeskripsiGames Tebak gambar (android) yang dibuat oleh kami mahasiswa STMIK SUMEDANG adalah games yang dibuat untuk mengasah otak dan untuk menjawab beberapa tebakan gambarnya.Memang terbilang sedikit sulit dan butuh waktu yang lama juga dalam memecahka...
 ZOO Adventure is a funny, free game not only for kids. It contains:- feeding animals in the ZOO,- running away from predators in pac mode,- feeding wild animals in the savanna,- puzzles with animals,- coloring wild animals.Best educational games for you...
 שלום ילדים, בואו לשחק עם דוד חיים !!דוד חיים ובובו מזמינים אתכם להצטרף אליהם למשחק החידות והזיכרון של דוד חיים - חידוד חיים.עיזרו לדוד חיים ו...
 Tolva says time to tidy up, but someone is in a mood! Can you choose the right robot to help cheer them up again? See what happens when you mix different emotions in this interactive story with simple controls - a bit like "Rock, Paper, Scissors" with m...
 Welcome to some Bubble Popping Number Fun!Can you count quicker than Ting? Touch the screen to make and pop bubbles. Make the number of bubbles Ting wants or burst them before Ting can. Designed to help children explore the relationship between figurati...
 Match the shapes and colours to hear the exciting music and see the robots dance. Drag, or tilt, to move the brightly coloured shapes across the screen and fit them into correct holes. Touch each shape to hear its name and colour. Each shape makes a dif...
 El robot Bip acaba de aterrizar en la tierra, porque durante su viaje se ha roto una antena. Allí conoce a Marcos, un chico que le explicará la mejor manera para sentirse mejor, ¡Los mimos! Abrazos, canciones, caricias... Juntos conoceran cuántos ti...
 El robot Bip acaba de aterrizar en la tierra, porque durante su viaje se ha roto una antena. Allí conoce a Marcos, un chico que le explicará la mejor manera para sentirse mejor, ¡Los mimos! Abrazos, canciones, caricias... Juntos conoceran cuántos ti...
 Game ini memadukan unsur islami untuk belajar tajwid (ilmu tata cara membaca Al-Quran) yang diterapkan dalam ponsel pintar Android. Dengan adanya game ini menjadi salah satu alternatif media untuk mendalami tata cara membaca Al-Quran ditengah zaman yang...
 Game ini mengisahkan sebuah perjalanan seorang santri bernama Mahmud dalam menyelsaikan misi untuk meningkatkan pengetahuannya mengenai ilmu tajwid.Mahmud akan melakukan perjalanan belajarnya di tiga tempat yang berbeda untuk saat ini, yakni : -Masjid T...
 Asah Tajwid membantu untuk mengasah kemampuan ilmu tajwid (ilmu tata cara membaca Al-Quran). Setiap bermain, disediakan soal sebanyak 20 yang ambil secara acak. Sharpening helps to hone skills Tajweed recitation science (the science of how to read the A...
 This game peels rubber straight out of the gate! Very good manual dexterity practice, and it focuses your mind like you wouldn't believe! Touch the black tiles. Sound easy? Oh, heck no! The tiles placement change lightening fast, they are all over the s...
 Untuk anak umur 2-5 tahun(Khusus Bahasa Inggris)Kali ini Bobby bola mengajak anak-anak belajar mengenal huruf-huruf. Dari huruf A sampai Z. Tentu saja dengan cara yang menyenangkan.Terdapat 3 jenis pembelajaran yang mengasyikkan bagi buah hati anda untu...
 『Puzzle It』is a traditional puzzle game,Player can select embedded picture or add personal picture,then select pieces to start.Feature* Free to add new picture.* Many Puzzle piece options.Keyword : Jigsaw Puzzle
 The easiest way to learn any system of numbers.+ 3 different number systems : decimal, binary, hexadecimal;+ converting numbers+ 4 basic operations ( +, -,  *, / )+ integers and decimals+ addition - square root + leaderboards+ for kids ( 10 + years old)...
 Toddler Space Games- NumbersThere is also an AD FREE version, available for only $0.99.  Click here to see==> Toddler Space Games AD FREE Do you have a budding astronaut that craves a mission into deep space?  Then suit up and strap in for some super du...
 The sky is full of twinkling shiny little stars, hanging in the sky to illuminate, just like a number of little eyes. there are many mysteries waiting for you to discover in the vast universe. Come on babies and get boarded onto the spacecraft to previe...
 This is my tribute for the geek in you.Your task will be pretty easy, given a binary number you will need to compute his decimal representation, but more about binary numbers you can read on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_number
 ABC Alphabet Train is an interactive alphabet game for preschool children from 2 to 7 years.The free version of the game gives children access to the first 6 letters of the alphabet capital and small letters of the English alphabet and if the little one...
 Monster Maths Subtraction is an educational quiz game that tests your mental maths abilities. This specific Monster Maths game focuses on your subtraction abilities. The game has 100 questions that will test your mental abilities! Let's see if your a tr...
 Monster Maths Addition is an educational quiz game that tests your mental maths abilities. This specific Monster Maths game focuses on your addition abilities. The game has 100 questions that will test your mental abilities! Let's see if your a true mon...
 This App is one digit addition training App. And this is a search game and speed puzzle game, too.This is the Reverse version of my App "one digit addition".There are 9 questions on nine stages, random 81 questions.ex.)Find '8 + 4' from '12', Find '3 + ...
 In 2008 Susane's Jaeggi research has shown that regular practice with 2-Back Test improves your working memory and concentration, that leads to increase of your fluid intelligence. This APP will allow you to practise in a easy and entertaining way where...
 脳のワーキングメモリーを拡張するNBackN個前の問題を記憶し、解答することで脳の記憶領域を拡張する NBack you want to extend the working memory of the brainTo extend the storage area of ​​the brain that stores ...
 Dual N-Back exercise is a scientifically proven way of improving your fluid intelligence. Fluid intelligence refers to the ability to reason and to solve new problems independently of previously acquired knowledge. The idea is to remember sequentially s...
 This is a brain training game.Memory the current shown alphabet, and answer whether it maches the one shown N steps earlier in the sequence.If all your answers are correct, next stage will be opened.("AIUEO" is Japanese "ABCDE".)See alsoWikipedia - N-ba...
 「うっかりペネロペ あいうえおパズル」は、パズルでひらがなや、ものの名前を学べる知育アプリです。 ペネロペのいろいろな場面がパズルになって登場し、 完成すればペネロペが正解...
 ぴっ、けーれー！　今日のおしごとは１から２５までのパネルをすばやくタッチすること！ じょうずにタッチして「ルルロロかべがみ」をゲットしよう！ NHKアニメ「がんばれ！ルルロロ...
 ◆◇◆　「がんばれ！ルルロロ」公式アプリ　◆◇◆大人気絵本シリーズ『くまのがっこう』から生まれたアニメーション作品「がんばれ！ルルロロ」が15パズルアプリになりました♪パ...
 Egarsat es una mutua de accidentes laborales que pretende potenciar e impulsar la prevención de riesgos laborales como parte de la acción protectora que proporciona a las empresas mutualistas. En este marco, la actividad preventiva, está orientada pr...
 Egarsat es una mutua de accidentes laborales que pretende potenciar e impulsar la prevención de riesgos laborales como parte de la acción protectora que proporciona a las empresas mutualistas. En este marco, la actividad preventiva, está orientada pr...
 NEW:- Optimized game reaction time- New ways of playing, rotate the board game with 2 or 4 buttons- Game levels’ improvement- Up-date of tutorials and cheat sheets- A premium version now available with over 50 new game levels and numerous novelties!- ...
 Mass Reaction is an entirely free puzzle game based on strategy, fast decision making and precision. Control elementals made of water, acid or nitro in the three states of matter, combining and mixing them in order to reach the goal of each level. There...
 **Download free **It's a puzzle game.Consist of alphabets.Find the pair of alphabet.You can change theme and layout of the alphabets.**Provide valuable feedback to improve game.**
 The best puzzles of Dinosaurs jigsaws. Unscramble the pieces to make a Dinosaurs picture.  Ideal as a playful/educational activity for parents and kids. Together they can test their knowledge in the quiz and have fun rearranging pictures in the puzzles....
 オツリをうまいこと貰うための教育アプリです。どれだけ小銭を減らせるかシミュレーションするのに役立てて下さい。将来的には、ゲーム要素も。。。 It is an educational app for get that good a ...
 - Phản xạ của bạn thực sự đã như tia chớp. Hãy thử phản xạ của bạn với Fastest One.- game thực hiện phép so sánh toán học chỉ trong 1 giâyNào hãy cùng thử sức nào !- Your reaction! So Fast!   Try with Fa...
 This game is made on the concept of famous Game show Kaun banega crorepati. Get real environment to prepare for KBC 2014.- Fastest Finger First  is included to get selected to play-All Life line are available-More than 3000 question-Play this game and p...
 No Ads. Three different games to learn identification of human chromosomes. Includes separate study guides. For tablets only.
 Love is an essential component in all of our lives. It supports and gives us the strength to get through the tough times in life. Love Moments is a compilation of the best of love quotes for you to share with that very special someone if your life.
 Keep the little ones entertained as they learn new concepts and expand their vocabulary by playing with a variety of educational games included in this one single app:This app delivers five amazing games:1) WORLD OF SPORTS- Learn about sports from aroun...
 Toddler Games for Kids : 7 Literacy Fun English Learning Baby Tools for Preschool Play with ABC Alphabet Phonics, Math and Sound!Toddler Games for Kids is a comprehensive preschool activity of Learning Baby preschool games. Fully configurable to enable ...
 A game for kids or adults.Guess who is the character in the bible.Play this game and find the secrets that you maybe don't know before about bible.
 Brain Burn Bible Memory Game King James Bible VersionThis app helps you memorize Bible verses in a new and novel way. Make memorization fun and lasting by actively engaging visual, hearing, speaking and writing senses and activities. Brain Burn Bible Me...
 A focused library of 155 King James Bible verses that are important to understanding the characteristics, thoughts and actions of a Godly woman.This library will insert into the "Brain Burn Bible Memory Game - King James Bible Version" which is a free m...
 Switch and match your way through with this adventurous and addictive Jewels game. Isn´t it the coolest game ever? You will love the fun, creativity and excitement of this great casual game. Fairies, ponys to play.  Play it with your friends, family an...
 I played this game when I'm 11 while study math.My Math teach have 2 class.He play this game with our class, but not with another.It lasts about 9 months, 15 minutes game time every day.9 years later， there are 5 students get into college，I'm one of...
 Mental calculation Mirror is a brain training app for calculating the number that appears on the screen.In addition to the flash mental calculation of normal,You can display a mirror character.You can make a flash mental calculation by specifying the nu...
 It's a game for children who want to learn and practice multiplication tables from 0 to 10.
 Invat 4 culori este un joc foarte simplu destinat copiilor intre 2 si 3 ani si are scopul de a-i ajuta sa invete cateva culori in limba romana.Copilul trebuie sa atinga forma care are culoarea rostita. In functie de raspunsul corect sau gresit va fi ras...
 This app helps you practise multiplication. While you play, the app will learn which multiplications you have to practise more on. If you answer wrong or are slow on a multiplication, the app will chose that more often.You can either chose all(0-10) or ...
 Please send in your feedback and suggestions at feedback.osb@gmail.com Mathathon is a fun and addictive brain-training math game for every age group: from young kids, just learning math, to those trying to improve their mental math abilities and quickly...
 Mathathon is a fun and addictive brain-training math game for every age group: from young kids, just learning math, to those trying to improve their mental math abilities and quickly answer arithmetic problems.This addictive educational game helps impro...
 Simple math game - you get 4 one digit numbers, 2 numbers out of one of the following: 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 75, 100 which you need to use to get given 3-digit number using just 4 basic arithmetic operations + - * /.The trick is - you get to play this onl...
 Welcome to Math Quiz for KidsA fun and challenging way for kids to practice basic math skills. Reveal the image, by solving the math equations. Math quiz for kids game is dedicated to showing you a variety of interesting math tricks that will help you s...
 Descárgate la app de Tostarica Oceanix con la que podrás acceder a un divertidísimo libro interactivo que incluye dos juegos en inglés. Abre tu cuento interactivo y elige si te gustaría ver el cuento entero en inglés o prefieres inglés y español...
 With the Fussy Little Mouse Story Puzzle, boys and girls will have fun and be able to enjoy this fantastic, classic tale. With the TapTap Tales Story Puzzles, two of children’s favourite activities come together: PUZZLES and STORIES.Each story has 15 ...
 With the Moby Dick Story Puzzle, boys and girls will have fun and be able to enjoy this fantastic, classic tale. With the TapTap Tales Story Puzzles, two of children’s favourite activities come together: PUZZLES and STORIES.Each story has 15 different...
 Con el Puzzle Cuento de Los músicos de Bremen, los niños y niñas se divertirán y podrán disfrutar de este fantástico cuento clásico.En los Puzzle Cuentos de TaptapTales se unen dos de las actividades preferidas por los niños, los PUZZLES y los C...
 With the Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp Story Puzzle, boys and girls will have fun and be able to enjoy this fantastic, classic tale. With the TapTap Tales Story Puzzles, two of children’s favourite activities come together: PUZZLES and STORIES.Each s...
 Let's learn ABC alphabet letters of the alphabet along with our favorite cartoon characters while the practice of coloring the letters.Our toddler dpat learn shapes and names of letters of the alphabet cartoon alphabet play this game.cartoon characters ...
 Solve the puzzle of the Mr Pepper, wherever you are!Suitable for children over 10 months.The kids train for understanding the forms and their motor skills having to place the pieces in the right of the drawing.Play with your child !At the first play, th...
 Find the couples between the images of the vegetables!.A great game to exercise your memory! GAME FEATURES - Match the pairs of cards - The grid adjusts automatically to your device - The colorful pictures of the logos are easy to remember Highly entert...
 Find the pairs and learn the letters of the alphabet! A great game to exercise your memory! GAME FEATURES - Match the pairs of cards - The grid adjusts automatically to your device - The colorful pictures of the logos are easy to remember Highly enterta...
 Is the new character Mr. Pepper. Find the differences between the pictures! Suitable for children over 30 months. The kids train for understanding the forms and having to find differences between the two designs. Play with your child !At the first play ...
 Suitable for children over 30 months. With this game kids are training to understand the forms and their motor skills.Play with your child !On the first play , your child may not be able to accurately touch the moving target with his / her hand.Play the...
 Wake up little fish! Suitable for children over 30 months. Keywords: Children, baby, games, kids.
 ABC Kids Games – Educational Android App For KidsIt is specially designed for kids above one year old. While playing the games, the kids could improve their understanding of the world, identify various Basic Knowledge tools and improve pronunciation. ...
 *** Ranked in top 50 Learning Apps by news.com.au ****** Rated "Exceptional" by App User Magazine ***Colorful characters teach your child their lowercase letters and alphabet song in an irresistible way! Does your child love to tickle bunnies or chomp o...
 *** Ranked in top 50 Learning Apps by news.com.au ****** Rated "Exceptional" by App User Magazine ***Colorful characters teach your child their lowercase letters and alphabet song in a magical way! Does your child love to tickle bunnies or chomp on cook...
 Avec ses univers tendres, malins et rigolos, l’appli Piwi+, c’est la meilleure des récrés pour les 3-6 ans ! Plongés dans un décor 3D, les enfants découvriront des jeux et des activités autour les héros de la chaîne Piwi+ : Robocar Poli, Bar...
 Find the differences between the pictures! Suitable for children over 30 months. The kids train for understanding the forms and having to find differences between the two images.Play with your child !At the first play , the child may not be able to find...
 Are you ready to start your own spa salon? Crazy beard shave salon is the perfect game for those who like waxing games for girls and makeup games. Help people which desire to get rid of excess hairs. You will have to wash their faces, foam them and shav...
 Solve the puzzle, wherever you are!Suitable for children over 30 months.The kids train for understanding the forms and their motor skills having to place the pieces in the right of the drawing.Play with your child !At the first play, the child may not b...
 Stretch you brain with Taking Kitty Back Home, the most intriguing game for all ages. Taking Kitty Back Home provides hours of entertainment for you and your whole family. Do you have what it takes, to get Kitty safely back home?Check out the video, it'...
 Quelle est la meilleure méthode pour apprendre une langue ? Écouter, parler, et pourquoi pas chanter ! C’est ce que vont faire nos petits écoliers avec Tommy et Julie. Apprendre l’anglais n’a jamais été aussi facile ! Julie rend visite à son...
 Taki is an educational game for kids, with various categories of different difficulty levels.The child have to find the items ordered.Translated into seven languages​​, the game is suitable for very young children who will learn new words, colors an...
 Want to be a human? Let's join the fantastic and difficult evolution journey, from one-cell life to King of Universe - Human.This game includes 10,000+ animal species' pictures. All classes/orders of animal, all species of Mammal. After game over, I hop...
 Picky Picky Shark is a silly little game I made for my son, because he likes sharks, and I wanted him to learn his letters and numbers. I'm releasing it for free in case someone else out there has a little child that also likes sharks. I made this for f...
 Snap!  Do you have a little one that craves the action of sharks in the high seas?  The dive in for some sensational shark fun in the Kids Shark Games Free Match Race!  Your little one will have an action packed time playing with 5 different sharks in t...
 Ruff!  Do you have a little one that adores dogs and puppies?  Then stroll over for some doggity dog fun in the Puppy Game For Toddler What’s Different!  Let your little one have a delightful time comparing pictures of cutie pie puppies and dogs havin...
 Ruff!  Do you have a little one that adores silky, cute puppies?  Then come outside where adorable dogs are waiting to play in this cute as a button Puppy Game For Kids Match Race!  Get happy dappy playing with mans best friend in this timed match game ...
 Roar into prehistoric good times and have a blast playing the Dinosaur Game For Kids Match Race!  Take a trip into the ancient past with this timed match game that’s full of awesome dinosaurs and designed for ages 3 & up.This Dinosaur game for prescho...
 Twinie’s English Book is a collection of exciting English games especially designed for kids of age group 3 to 10 years. The lively animated character Twinie helps kids learn various aspects of English like Alphabets, Words, Grammar and SentencesTwini...
 Remember when in elementary school or middle school, you sat through your teacher lecturing about order of operations, or PEMDAS (Please Excuse My Dear Aunt Sally), as they called it? Do you even remember what that means? Or if you can't remember that, ...
 Smart Educational games is a pack of games that helps you learn world Geography (States, Counties, Capital Cities), improves your memory, your mental awareness and your calculating speed.• Specially designed for both Grown-ups and KidsThe program is s...
 ABC Preschool Playground Games, Fully configurable to enable numerous game settings, options and stages. Equipped with over 140 colorful, vivid items in 7 major preschool categories.- - - 7 Educational abcs for preschool categories - - -+ ABCS for kids+...
 Free kids activity fun game, Fully configurable to enable numerous game settings, options and stages. Equipped with over 140 colorful, vivid items in 7 major preschool categories.- - - 7 Educational categories for boy & girl learning activity fun - - -+...
 Reinforce the foundation of your child by making him learn kindergarten ABC letters with this preschool learning game. With magical theme, Starter ABC game includes colorful English Phonics, interesting alphabetic words and animated spelling puzzle.Spee...
 Flashcards+ English alphabets! Learning the ABCs with baby flash cards makes letter recognition and building vocabulary easier for the preschool kids. Kids games free for preschool and toddlers!  Do you know what starts with letters A to Z? Here are...
 Flashcards+ English alphabets! Learning the ABCs with baby flash cards makes letter recognition and building vocabulary easier for the preschool kids. Kids games free for preschool and toddlers!  Do you know what starts with letters A to Z? Here are...
 For the preschoolers, toddlers and kindergarten girls and boys, these first words flashcards build vocabulary; makes learning fun, teaches letter recognition, spellings and pronunciations. First words flashcards are the best learning games for manners a...
 Manners!! Manners!! Manners!!Full free for a limited time !!This is interactive game for children for learning sharing habits. Parents/teachers might need to supervise the children so they know how to make everyone happy by sharing and receive golden st...
 For the preschoolers, toddlers and kindergarten girls and boys, these first words flashcards build vocabulary; makes learning fun, teaches letter recognition, spellings and pronunciations. First words flashcards are the best learning games for manners a...
 Baby explorer is a fun learning program for children of all ages.Contains 17 games in one (in Full version):- Sound animated learning of letters and numbers.- Learn to recognize animals and their sounds.- Distinguish shapes and colors and match the piec...
 Improve your memory while playing to make delicious pizzas.Become a master chef while practicing your memory.Choose the correct ingredients and create your own delicious pizza and make this a mouth-watering experience.Unleash your creativity - choose fr...
 ✎ Food Coloring Games is the most fun kitchen find among all free games! With an incredible gallery of images of delicious dishes: pizza, ice cream, hamburgers, chicken, cakes ... A game for children who will develop their creative skills, imagination...
 ✔ Dragons Dragon Games is the best memory game that will find among all free apps! An educational game designed to develop concentration and mental ability.✔ Dragons Dragon Games has a simple and exciting goal: On the screen a series of letters appe...
 Welcome to Senda and the Glutton Dragon!Share with your kids the experience of a magic world with Senda and her friends. An interactive reading that makes kids meet incredible places, amazing characters and creatures, and enjoy memorable interactive mom...
 ✱ Introducing Coloring Houses Games, if what you like is the world of decoration and design now have the opportunity to show what you know, it is a very easy game, suitable for all ages and to play with your friends!✱ Coloring Homes and Houses Pages...
 We invite you to play a coloring book or coloring games on mobile. , It was fun to play a coloring game coloring games kids can play it as you like. This coloring book can stimulate and develop a child's imagination . The children learn how to choose th...
 coloring pages for kids : Dog and Pet SetA fun, educational game for your toddler or preschooler.develop cognitive abilities by coloringLet's Kids have Fun!!!Features: ★★★★★ Share with friends on Facebook ★★★★★★★★★★ Saves i...
 coloring pages for kids : Cars Cartoon SetA fun, educational game for your toddler or preschooler.develop cognitive abilities by coloringLet's Kids have Fun!!!Features: ★★★★★ Share with friends on Facebook ★★★★★★★★★★ Saves ...
 ✎ Coloring Doll Game is an exciting game for children to paint pretty dolls! A very useful tool to color designed for girls and boys!. A children's game in which your children will only have to select the image gallery of photos they like and start co...
 Beep beep!  Do you have a little one that digs groovy cars and having fun at the beach?  Then you’re in luck because the cars are going to the beach in the Kids Cars Game Beach Fun Match Race!  Your little one will have a wicked hot time playing with ...
 Beep beep!  Do you have a little racer that loves cars and monster trucks?  Then start your engines for some car color thrills in the Kids Car Game Free Colors Match Race!  Your little driver will have an exciting ride with this interactive car game for...
 Vroom!  Start your engines and hit the gas for some pure excitement in the Race Car Game for Kids!  Let your little racer have a blast playing with cool red race cars in this timed color match game.  It’s thrilling red race car fun and designed for ag...
 Do you have a little rescue hero about that digs ambulances, firetrucks, and police cars?  Then suit up and rev the gas petal to the metal for some wicked emergency vehicle fun in the Ambulance Kids Games & Sirens Activity App AD FREE Version!  Your lit...
 Take your fire truck for a ride! Change its colour and shape!Learn about the ABC, colors, shapes and numbersThere is an In-App purchase in this game to upgrade the game to an unlocked premium version.A fun game for toddlers and preschool children.  Brig...
 С этим приложением вы улучшите свои навыки запоминания, что особенно полезно в повседневной жизни! Правила игры: постараться за  наименьш...
 Magic Train © is a cute game developed for kids from 1 to 3 years old.The kid will have a lot of fun touching interactive elements and the Magic Hat © which will be constantly providing new sets of funny animals, colours, numbers and characters.Your s...
 Toot, toot!  Pull the train whistle because the fun train is coming your way!  If you have a little conductor that digs trains and train horns then hop on board for some true train fun with the Train Game For Preschoolers Match Race!  Your little conduc...
 Screeech!  Do you have a little driver about that adores cars and cool vehicles?  Then get ready to rev up your engines for some car fun in the Cars Game For Kids Match Race!  Have a toot-riffic time playing with cool cars and road signs in this timed l...
 Test and train your memory in this application.Repeat keystroke and knew how good your memory
 Math Solutions is the game of creative Arithmetic. At the start of each round you are given a goal number. Add, Multiply, Subtract, or Divide a random set of numbers to reach the goal for each round in the time provided. Each number can be used only onc...
 The best game of mathematical reasoning to Android!Try it now!Calc Droid Master will help you to make simple calculations quickly, and you can even challenge your friends! Several questions are automatically generated in 4 different difficulty levels, y...
 Animal maze Special is a fun game for children. This game is maze game where the child will have to find the right way to complete the maze. There is lost of fun animals and other fun stuff. also there is several different difficulty levelsPractice your...
 Animal Puzzle is a game designed for children ages 2 and up that consists in fitting animal pieces in their corresponding silhouettes. * Animal Puzzle helps develop:- The attention span.- The auditive and visual perception (in english or spanish).- The ...
 C compiler is a tool for creating and compiling C programs in android Phones. It will be very much help full for those who are beginners C program        - It is an offline application, so compilation and execution will be so fast as comparing other c c...
 C Programming Rocks!!!C Programming Rocks is an interesting and alternative way to learn C programming through a game. Get kids and adults addicted to programming quickly and enjoyably!! Get ready for the exams or tests. Computer Science or I.T courses....
 This is a wonderful coloring game for all kids!Kids will enjoy learning abc alphabet.All kids likes a drawing and coloring game very much, which can motivate and develop children's imagination.Draw + Coloring Book with plentiful bright color and colorfu...
 Adventure Coloring Time KidsWe will your Kids's head advancement as well as finding out abilities. In addition to complete shades on abeloved Adventure Time CartoonAll to easy to Engage in Simply 3 Actions.-> Decide on Adventure Time Pictures to Colorin...
 Girl In Wonderland ColoringWe will your Kids's head advancement as well as finding out abilities. In addition to complete shades on abeloved Alice in wonderland CartoonAll to easy to Engage in Simply 3 Actions.-> Decide on Alice in wonderland Pictures t...
 child hidden object game educational game for your kids. Your children will have fun with this game and you will learn to match objects. hidden object games the child will learn to establish a relationship with the object.
 Defend the Sheep is a color appreciation application produced to inculcate the very crucial skills of color identification and color mixing in preschool kids.The three main characters in the game are the evil wolves, the innocent sheep and the brave dog...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Test Game Free Version (Ad Supported) starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables in ea...
 Join ABC Family.Kids ABC Puzzle version starts from letter A and ends at letter Z. ABC Puzzle (ABC Games for Kids) enables preschool / kindergarten / toddler kids to:1.Enhance their visual memory while learning ABC.2.Brain Exercise through logical think...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Puzzle Game Paid Version starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables in easy way.Feel f...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Puzzle Game Free Version (Ad Supported) starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables in ...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Learning Game Free Version (Ad Supported) starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables i...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Learning Game Paid Version starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables in easy way.Feel...
 1 to 12 Times Tables Test Game Paid Version starts from Times Table 1 and ends at Times Table 12. The game enables preschools kids:-Enhance their visual memory.-Brain Exercise through logical thinking. -Learning 1 to 12 times tables in easy way.Feel fre...
 Kids ABC Letters: Kids Game starts from letter A and ends at letter Z (Small and Capital letters).  Kids ABC Letters enables preschool kids to:1.Enhance their visual memory.2.Brain Exercise through logical thinking. 3.Recognition of different sounds, hi...
 Kids ABC Letters Free (Ad Supported): Kids Game starts from letter A and ends at letter Z (Small and Capital letters).  Please get full version to avoid Ads. Kids ABC Letters enables preschool kids to:1.Enhance their visual memory.2.Brain Exercise throu...
 Have fun as you play and learn using recognition of shapes and sounds. Also with the Educational and Echoic Memory Games not only you will learn as you play, but also you will increase your Focused Attention ability. With "Learn ABC 123 Spanish"  you ca...
 Word Bubbles for Kids is gaming fun for the whole family! Play with kids of all ages and help them to read and spell. And when the kids are asleep, enjoy a special puzzle mode for grown-ups!Puzzle modes:“Toddler”: Popping bubbles allows your little ...
 HeroTax es un juego retador, con el que disfrutarás y aprenderás conceptos fundamentales para identificar los males que dañan las ciudades y obtener los recursos que son necesarios para restaurarlas.Serás el protagonista del juego y te unirás a los...
 TaxForce es un juego retador, con el que disfrutarás y aprenderás conceptos fundamentales para conocer y combatir a los entes malignos de la evasión, el contrabando y la corrupción, así como recolectar los recursos necesarios para lograr la restaur...
 Vegetables Match: Memory Game: is a concentration-style educational memory game for kids and adults to experience the worlds most amazing Vegetables.This app has been optimised for tablets.Kids of all ages and grades can enjoy this Vegetables memory gam...
 Flowers Match: Memory Game: is a concentration-style educational memory game for kids and adults to experience the worlds most amazing Flowers. This build has been optimised for tablets.Kids of all ages and grades can enjoy this memory game along with t...
 Birds Match: Memory Game: is a concentration-style educational memory game for kids and adults to experience the worlds most amazing Birds.This app has been optimised for tablets. Kids of all ages and grades can enjoy this Birds memory game along with t...
 A simple multiple choice guessing game to help anyone trying to learn Cantonese and traditional Chinese Writing.Currently in this free light version there 3 categories to choose from and 60+ common word's, pictures's and sounds. This application does no...
 **** This is the official Cantonese Tap Right! app ****Cantonese Tap Right! is a simple yet fun to play game of English to Cantonese translation challenge.How to Play:It's simple. The game play screen shows an English word and it's translation in Canton...
 **** This is the official French Tap Right! app ****French Tap Right! is a simple yet fun to play game of English to French translation challenge.How to Play:It's simple. The game play screen shows an English word and it's translation in French. Tap the...
 Equator: Collaborative Math - A Fingerprint Network AppCan YOU bring balance to the Equator? Grab a friend, and a shared tablet, and get ready for the most unique collaborative math game you’ve ever played. Working together, players learn valuable mat...
 Pizza Party - A Fingerprint Network AppHojo, Dr. Potato, Mr. S, Scuba and Cal are having a party, and it’s up to you to split up the treats. Learn about fractions and solve word problems as you face a variety of challenges, such as sharing cake equall...
 Cosmic Reactor Math - A Fingerprint Network AppSelected for Editor's Choice Award Winner by Children's Technology Review!Grab a friend and play the zaniest, most off-the-walls math learning game you’ll ever experience. In Cosmic Reactor, 2 players com...
 Yinyu Jr. is designed as an easier starting version of Yinyu. Unlike the original version, Jr. requires using three (3) numbers and two (2) operators.  It displays 5 numbers and the 4 operators, you will still have to think it through but it is a great ...
 With this app you can teach your child playfully first words and the alphabet. The game is suitable for children of primary school age or preschool age. Learning of German words grouped by color letters. The words are composed by the letters are drawn t...
 Kids animals first word is educational flashcards for kids with amazing world of animals and realistic animals sounds. Teach your preschoolers all the little messy pets, farm and zoo animals’ names, pronunciation and spellings. Preschool learning game...
 Your toddler will be entertained with simple game play while learning the animal names and animal sounds.  The animals enter the screen and walk around.  Game play involves chasing the animals around the screen in a game of tag.  When an animal is touch...
 Denis's Adventures - Animals Puzzles is an educational jigsaw mobile game developed for my son Denis. His first game played on a tablet was a puzzle game with animals, followed by a lot of other jigsaw puzzle games. Denis's Adventures - Animals Puzzle i...
 Learn what animals look like. Do you already know all animals in the world? What if they looked different?. Wouldn't it be a fun to see a cow looking like a zebra? I'm sure that it already makes you smile. With this game you can explore unknown fields o...
 Teste o seu conhecimento sobre a Copa do Mundo e negócios no game SEBRAE/PR 2014! Coloque sua empresa em 'campo' nesse 'jogo' e marque muitos 'gols'! Desenvolvido por SEBRAE/PR (metodologia e conceitos) e Ingrupo//CHP (layout e programação). Test you...
 Simple audio-visual game for the youngest children (from 6 months to 4 year old). After you touch screen you will see new picture and heard what is in the picture. You can lock home and back button. Resistant phone is recommended (Samsung Galaxy Xcover,...
 Preschool Toddlers Shapes Lite can help your baby learning different kind of Shapes in enjoyable way. It includes the pictures and sounds, Baby can learn easily from the cards.Application support two modes:1. Manual mode - Need your baby touch the scree...
 Great app to teach the kids about the alphabet easily!“Pre School Learning Alphabet” is designed for the preschoolers and toddlers to teach them all the alphabets very easily with some sort of funny techniques.Here kids will be practicing the alphab...
 Make Learning Fun with FunGyan's all new "Kid's FunZone" Educational App. This All-in-One App is your Child's one stop for learning Alphabets, Numbers, Colours, Shapes and Animals. The App uses the Flash Card Technique to make it easier for the Child to...
 The preschoolers' favorite Matching Game is now even better with additional Images, Awards and Achievements. Keep your child engaged for hours as he/she learns alphabets, numbers, colors and shapes. Watch your little one squeal with joy and excitement a...
 This is a perfect fun application for your kids to quality time while playing this. It is designed to help check their observation whilte teaching them about basics relating with alphabets.As other games only check the memory of children, Alphabets Matc...
 Why Flick MathFlick Math is a nice fun game for all the game lovers who love studies and love to compete. Features1. Test your speed to calculate the basic numbers. 2. You learn to add/subtract/multiply and divide in no time.3. You learn the importance ...
 Puzzle game for intelligent people who love to solve puzzles and keep moving with the speed.- Sharpen your mind with quick math calculations- Race for the high scores- Beat your friends- Unlimited instant fun- Game for all age groups- Check for the same...
 A picture says more than thousand words but can you guess 4 simple words hidden in the grid related to the given picture?Give it a TRY and enjoy the fun loving education game with your friends.
 1 Pic 1 Word is an interesting game of words. 1Word 1Pic game helps you to have fun with your family especially with the kids. You just have a look at the image and try to solve the puzzle. Have an endless fun with words. Never-ending game. 4 pack...
 If you:- Know your seven times tables- Want to know your seven times tables- Want to get slightly smarter by tapping on your screen- Like the colour orangeThen this is most definitely the game for you!Sevens, a game about the number seven.
 Klingon Calculator and Clock WidgetThe app itself contains many pages to get you started.  An intro to ternary, a calculator, and a practice page for Klingon arithmetic.  Font can be toggled between Latin and Klingon using the main menu.The widget is a ...
 This is a version of the 2048 game that uses Klingon writing (pIqaD) for the numbers. It is based on the open source version created by Gabriele Cirulli. Based on 1024 by Veewo Studio and conceptually similar to Threes by Asher Vollmer.The app requests ...
 Learn your ABCs with "Learn the Alphabet (Soup ABCs) "!Your child can learn his/her ABCs in a fun new way with Alphabet Soup!In this kid-friendly, super-creative app, you are presented with a bowl of soup in which you need to tapthe letters in the corre...
 Wattap – Group the Objects.Drag and drop the objects (images) into appropriate baskets accounting similarities they have. Play for fun and develop your classification and observation skills. Try to group the corresponding objects into one, two, three ...
 Drinks Quattro Quiz is an innovative trivia quiz game!Prove you know much about coctails. Guess the name of a drink that has given ingredients.Quattro Quiz will test you knowledge of famous shots, drinks or coctails.Features:* Answering questions about ...
 Set of two games that help young children understand letters. One game designed to help children understand the difference between upper case and lower case letters. The other game is a quiz that will help them identify vowels and consonants. Funky soun...
 Vowels Toys is a fantastic digital toy, to learn and play with the vowels as cartoon charactes.Select and decorate the vowels to customize their body parts. Choose between different themes, or let the game choose for you. Play with your character and so...
 The first digital toy to learn and recognize the numbers from 1 to 9: Three incredible puzzle games in one !!! Recommended for kids an toddlers to develop finemotoric skills and spatial abilities at the same time they explore the numbers. Great fun for ...
 Learn numbers with your favourite TOY SCHOOL teachers – Teddy, Doll and Horse! “Toy School – Numbers” has 8 mini games that repeat and gradually get more challenging so that the child could learn numbers step by step. Meet the Numbers Game Tap p...
 Toot, roar!  Do you have a little one that adores trains and wants to learn about animals?  Then chug-a-choo-choo into some toot-riffic train fun with the Kids Animal Train Match Race!  Your little one will have a blast playing with 7 different animals ...
 This is Train Simulator Coloring paint app.There are lots of pictures on Train SimulatorThis app is great for kids who like to paint. It is a game that Jinta in landscape painting.Features.- Share with your friends- Set mobile App- Save to SD card- Set ...
 Toot!  Do you have a little train lover about that adores the circus and fun?  Then hop on board for some delight-filled train times with the Circus Train Kids Game Match Race!  Your little engineer will have a chug-a-chug-a-choo-choo blast riding the c...
 For 2-5 year boys and girlsChugga, chugga, chugga, choo, choo…..Fun and educational train puzzle toddler game is an adventure, cool, fun and educational train games for kids that will both entertain and educate. Toddler train puzzles is a great app fo...
 “Butterfly Tale” is an educational game that tells a story about the life cycle of a butterfly. The app starts with the earliest stage – the egg – and goes all the way to an adult butterfly. Funny games will teach preschoolers what happens durin...
 Sprinkle twinkle!  Do you have a little one that adores beautiful butterflies and wants to practice colors?  Then fly over into the Butterfly Game For Kids Match Race for some fluttery butterfly fun!  Your little one will have an enchanting time playing...
 Escolta! Toca! Juga! Aprèn! ... amb Sant Jordi!El joc és la millor forma d’aprenentatge que tenim, ja des de petits. Descarrega’t SANT JORDI i anima els més petits a gaudir mentre aprenen.Cruïlla presenta un conte interactiu per escoltar la lleg...
 Happy Birthday Mantas 2014
 One day poor little dog was chased by a kitten and fell out of the window. Hurry, this cute fellow needs your help! First dress up the Pet Doctor and prepare him for the work. Then treat injuries of your little patient. You will have to clean the bacter...
 Learn about the greatest architectual creations of the Earth in interactive puzzle game
 Play with the Yokai, typical Japanese supernatural beings. Oni, Kappa, Kitsune, Tanuki, Yuki Onna and Tengu invites you into their world to meet them and have fun.FEATURES - 8 different stages with fun mini games.- Locate the Tengu in the right place of...
 ポイが破れないようにしつつ、より多くの金魚を救うゲームです。 While as not to tear the poi, the game is to save the goldfish more.
 - Baby fireworks is designed for your children. I guarantee that your babies will love playing this Fireworks game.This game has beautiful graphics and nice sounds.- Features:   * Beautiful graphics : flower, fireworks   * Beautiful sounds .- When to pl...
 Babyworks is a simple "Baby Game" learning app for infants and toddlers 6 months and older. This application teaches interaction, feedback, and colors by using text, audio, and fireworks! No ads, menus, or extra non-important content. Featured colors ar...
 Можете ли Вы называть русский своим родным языком? Казалось бы, простой вопрос, но ответ на него не столь очевиден, как может показаться на ...
 Spend hours in the Kids Play House with 5 great games for kids!Rhyme and match - A great memory game with two games, match the same image or match rhyming images.State Capitols - Great game that teaches kids US State capitols.Math Games - Fun learning f...
 Dive into the water and learn your sea creatures, letters and numbers! Preschool Aquarium makes it it fun for kids to explore life underwater and learn all of the exciting animals, numbers and letters under the sea. Designed for ages 2-6 and featuring e...
 Dive into the water and learn your sea creatures, letters and numbers! Preschool Aquarium makes it it fun for kids to explore life underwater and learn all of the exciting animals, numbers and letters under the sea. Designed for ages 2-6 and featuring e...
 Preschool Safari is a toddler scavenger hunt for your child! Armed with a trusty camera, you can go on safari to find and learn about exotic animals in Africa and across the world. Featuring endless gameplay, Preschool Safari makes it fun for kids to ex...
 Teach your kids math in an amazing way. Cool features:✔ Counting numbers✔ Biggest or smallest numbers✔ Ascending or descending numbers✔ Lovely and beautiful stickers✔ Beautiful flying balloon✔ Free to play!!!
 Best game for teaching kids to tell time which you can find on Store!!! With 9 mini-games, your kids could learn and play together. Our game help your kids learn from beginning and after playing he/she could tell whatever time. If you feel happy with ou...
 Interactive Educational Magazine for Kids. Topic "Traffic rules".In this magazine children acquainted with basic knowledge of traffic rules. What signs are where the right to cross the road, how to behave in public transport. Learn Traffic rules togethe...
 Get your learner's license using ZiDrive. This app contains over 300 test questions all based on the Zimbabwe Highway Code. You can run a real test simulation including the various road rules categories, time limit and more plus you are notified of the ...
 - Funny math
 Reach new heights on the legendary science booster rollercoaster game and win great prizes. You gain points by collecting as many non-toxic items as possible and avoid collecting the radiation symbols. During the game you will be asked questions about t...
 Science Explorer provides an entertaining experience to Grade 3 pupils. Enjoy different games while learning Science concepts. Play your all time favorite popular games:  Guessing Game, Spot the Difference and Jigsaw Puzzle! This application is for thes...
 Do you know all the countries in the planet?Find out by playing this fun and educational game which allows you to memorize all capitals of the world!This game includes the capitals of Europe, Asia, Africa, America and Oceania.There are 6 levels, you nee...
 Animal Picture Quiz Game is game where your kids will learn to identify various Animals which they often enjoy watching......tests your ability to correctly different off animals.
 Animal Picture Quiz - Answer is the sheet for game "Animal Picture Quiz  Game"Animal Picture Quiz Game is game where your kids will learn to identify various Animals which they often enjoy watching......tests your ability to correctly different off anim...
 ■ ぼうさい絵本のご紹介近年、ゲリラ豪雨や竜巻、地震や火災といった災害報道が、国内だけでなく世界的に多発しているように感じます。災害の中には胸を痛めるようなことも少なくあ...
 Toddler Peekaboo Safari is an amazing peekaboo style educational game for your toddler. Searching for hidden animals in the African or Australian jungles and forests, your child will be introduced to some of the most iconic and fascinating animals on ea...
 Bath For Pet
 Cinderella coloring . Recommend this game for training Coloring Cinderella Color imagination lets kids be creative. There are many colors to choose I have both personal Comics Prince and Princess of Cinderella story.let enjoy paint game.Have fun.
 You know the Cinderella fairy tale. Now experience the magic on your digital devices! Created in HD for iPhone, iPad, Nook, Kindle Fire and Android phones and tablets.This interactive story app lets you play inside the story. Beautiful illustrations, ex...
 Experience the magic with this enchanting app. Fairy Tale Audio Book Puzzles bundles seven classic fairy tales into one. Each story is professionally narrated and instantly takes you to fairytale land.Solve fairytale themed jigsaw puzzles while you are ...
 Preschool Lion is a collection of educational mini-games for pre-school kids aged 2 to 5.Many of the games focus on topics they will need for thier first year of school like shapes, colors, numbers, the alphabet, top, bottom, left, right, bigger, smalle...
 * GAME FOR KIDS *This is a wonderful coloring lion game for kids!Just make full use of your fancy imagination and have fun!Click a color button on the top of the screen. Then click the part of the picture you would like to make that color.Features:* Sha...
 Jogo para auxílio na alfabetização para crianças. O leãozinho Arie guia as crianças em brincadeiras onde elas associam palavras a objetos. São quatro jogos: Jogo de colorir, jogo da memória, jogo das frutas e jogo do caminho.A cada jogo completo...
 Ariê Cruzadinhas é um jogo de auxílio a alfabetização que tem combinações aleatórias com mais de 170 palavras, fazendo sempre um jogo diferente a cada rodada. Há três níveis de jogo. - "Fácil" com 2 ou 3 palavras; - "Médio" com 4 palavras, ...
 Ariê está na Ilha da Aventura com três novos jogos educativos. Na praia, a brincadeira é desenterrar os objetos da areia achando seus nomes em um caça palavras. Na ponte, para atravessar de uma lado para o outro, é preciso formar as palavras usand...
 Acerte os patinhos na ordem certa para formar as letras do alfabeto. Além dos patinhos com as letras, algumas surpresas deixam o jogo ainda mais divertido. Termine no menor tempo e bata seu recorde!Brinque aprendendo o alfabeto, e divirta-se! Hit the d...
 O leãozinho Ariê é o guia em três brincadeiras educativas com seus amiguinhos. No Jogo do Elevador, é preciso agrupar as letras para formar palavras, e ajudar a cobra a descer do elevador. O Jogo das Bolhas tem o elefante soltando bolhas de sabão ...
 Elevator Escape is an interactive math game for 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th graders based on addition and subtraction, involving strategic puzzle solving abilities. Math problem solving  has never been this entertaining! How to play: The Elevator is broken. I...
 Kouzelný výtah naučí vaše děti hravou formou počítat. Spolu s ním a Michalem Nesvadbou budou prozkoumávat Kouzelný dům a v každém patře krmit hladová zvířata. Na Kouzelné půdě se pak naučí sčítat a odčítat od jedné do deseti....
 Interactive story for pre-school kids on mobile devices. Only you can help Rick the Rhino! ✔ Interactive story for children✔ Beautiful and cute graphics great for pre-k and kindergarten kids✔ Keeps your kid interested and engaged ✔ Teaches how t...
 Experience the brand new Elephant Story for Kids! Jerry the playful Elephant is ready for his greatest challenge yet: getting the water back! Tap, swipe and listen as this fun story unfolds.HAPPY FEATURES OF THE ELEPHANT STORY* Listen as the professiona...
 Bạn có thể nhớ được bao nhiêu tên thủ đô của các nước? Bạn đã đến thủ đô của nước nào và có nhận ra nơi bạn đã đến chưa? Thủ đô các nước là ứng dụng trò chơi trắc nghiệm giáo dục...
 Bạn biết bao nhiêu nước và bản đồ của từng nước và vùng lãnh thổ? Hãy thử sức với ứng dụng trò chơi giải trí Bản đồ vị trí các nước. Đây là ứng dụng giáo dục địa lý gồm chức năng h...
 Quốc  kỳ Thế giới là ứng dụng mang tính giáo dục địa lý về quốc kỳ (cờ) các nước và vùng lãnh thổ trên thế giới. Ứng dụng gồm chức năng học và đố vui giúp bạn dễ dàng tìm hiểu nhanh chó...
 "Animal Kid Math"This is an educational math game for your kids and why not, maybe for everyone(this is a good brain test and you can improve your math calculations speed). After playing this cool math game, your kids definitely will calculate faster.Ga...
 Let's have fun by creating flower art design, a game for girl, kids, and your daughers. It is also a flower game for toddler. This also a good apps for design your own wallpaper, design your own picture mix it with facebook, blackberry, hangout.Just exp...
 Juego para los niños más pequeños en el que podrán aprender como se llaman los animales y que sonido hacen.Se divierten con sus animales favoritos.Con este juego los niños podrán ver que sonido hacen los animales y tratar de encontrar que animal e...
 3D Game for English Alphabets learning in very interesting way. This game is divide in 13 levels. Very easy to use for tutors, parents or children.
 Ähnlich wie bei einem Memory Spiel soll man 2 gleiche Karten hintereinander aufdecken. Das Spiel ist frei gestaltbar. Über Internet, SD-Card und Kamera lassen sich die Karten sogar mit Animation und Ton gestalten.  Fotografiere beispielsweise verschie...
 Welcome to the Philippine Architecture Quiz App -Test your "AiQ" Knowledge. THE LATEST FREE APPLICATION THAT AIMS TO AIDE YOU IN YOUR EXAM AT THE CONVENIENCE OF USING YOUR  MOBILE PHONE. LIKEWISE FOR THE PROFESSIONALS WITH THE PENCHANT FOR REFRESHING TH...
 Bugtong ni Juan is the game which features the rich culture of Filipino riddles. It consists of variety of Filipino riddles from the easiest to the difficult one. Not just that, Bugtong ni Juan android game has several capabilities other apps don't have...
 Загадки для детей и взрослых от AllMobile.Ru - все загадки в приложении с ответами. Вы сможете составить свой список избранных загадок, а также п...
 Игра «Загадки для детей c Барсиком» — загадки для детей в стихах от Planemo Studio. Котёнок Барсик ходит в гости к своим друзьям пингвинёнку, чере...
 An exciting and more enjoying Snakes and Ladders game is now ready to play. A classic board game, Snakes and Ladders is now upgraded and more fun to play. Available to download on Playstore for free. This android application can now play in multiplayer ...
 Circus Basket Fruit For Kids, Healthy Learning Time for Kids, develop your spatial and motor skills while you play!!Catching fruits that drop from the sky was never this fun, enjoy this adventure in the nature with family, friends and kindred spirits. S...
 終極寶石傳奇是一個全新設計的休閒遊戲。眾多閃閃發亮的寶石在一條傳送帶將被毀滅，您需要在他們到達終點前，把相同的寶石放到盒子裡面去。遊戲特點：1. 玩法簡單，超高技巧性2. 容易...
 Math Legends is a fun math game to help improve your skills and compare yourself to your friends and the rest of the world. See which countries have the best mathematicians.Take a test to enter the global legends league. Then practice and watch yourself...
 Math Farm from Math Legends is the first step towards a legendary mastery of mathematics for your kids. It will help your kids learn to count, as well as practice the basics of addition, subtraction and multiplication all mixed up with the fun of the fa...
 There is a free version of this game. Please try that first to test on your chosen device.Kid's math 3-7 from Math Legends is the first step towards a legendary mastery of mathematics for your kids. It will help teach your kids how to count, as well as ...
 The first Word Mastermind game on Android Market!Guess a five letter word using clues from previous guesses. This simple but addictive word game is similar to the classic games Jotto, Giotto Dżiotto and Bulls & Cows.Each previous guess is color coded t...
 This is a simple educational game. It is a drag and drop game in which you have to drag flags to correct locations. It is fun and it will increase your general knowledge.Key features are:• Drag and Drop Flags• More than 240 flags• Increase your IQ
 Do you know which flags belong to what football division?  How well do you know your world football geography?  Flag Drag Football 2014 is an educational game that helps you familiarize yourself with flags around the world while you drag them to the cor...
 Do you know which flags belong to what football division?  How well do you know your world football geography?  Flag Drag Football 2014 is an educational game that helps you familiarize yourself with flags around the world while you drag them to the cor...
 Do you know which flags belong to what football division?  How well do you know your world football geography?  Flag Drag Football 2014 is an educational game that helps you familiarize yourself with flags around the world while you drag them to the cor...
 Are you learning English language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "English Words for Korean", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in English language. "English Words for Korean" successfully combines scientific methods and...
 Are you learning English language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "English Words for Italians", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in English language. "English Words for Italians" successfully combines scientific methods...
 Are you learning Russian language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "Russian Words for Frenches", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in Russian language. "Russian Words for Frenches" successfully combines scientific methods...
 Are you learning English language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "English Words for Chinese", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in English language. "English Words for Chinese" successfully combines scientific methods a...
 Are you learning English language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "English Words for Germans", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in English language. "English Words for Germans" successfully combines scientific methods a...
 카톡 친구와 바둑 한판! 바둑 for Kakao[게임 소개]바둑 고수! 어디가? ‘바둑’ 한판 두고가! 바둑 둘 때 ‘착수’ 실수!? 훗 우린 완벽한 착수가 가능해!관전만 하고 SNS기능 없는 바둑은 이제 필...
 Happy Go —— The Go GameThe best Go Game (Igo, Baduk, Weiqi) practice on android mobile phone.Features :- 180+ built-in Tsumego problems with answers as well as bad variations- 3 Difficulty levels.- Multi language.- Free to play.- Easy to use.- Beaut...
 *English, Japanese, Chinese are supportedBaduk(Go Game, Weiqi) Monthly Magazine Smartphone Service.Let’s watch exhilarating best matches between professional Baduk(Go Game, Weiqi) players in Smartphone.1.Convenient Board View Function. You can watch b...
 Are you learning English language and want to expand your vocabulary? Try "English Words for Japanese", an educational game for learning 5,000 most frequent words in English language. "English Words for Japanese" successfully combines scientific methods...
 ABC is a program for promoting children's learning . To learn English letters and numbers.★ There are illustrations for each letter and number .★ Moreover, the players in the form of games or exercises to accumulate points .★ the child to associat...
 Vocabulary English Puzzle Game - Vocabulary English Game (HOT)This is a game for learning English focusing on vocabulary items. You listen to the sound or read the word and then click on the matching pictures. It’s really easy, fun and hopefully a gre...
 あなたの英語力はどれくらい！？家族や友達と一緒にみんなで【英語力診断】に挑戦しよう!【英語力診断】は、厳選された各レベル１０問の英文法問題に答えて、あなたの英語能力を診断...
 Learn and enjoying guiding lost child panda  to her mother panda using English conversation phrases. This English game have the total number of 750 questions over 21 genres! This game is very simple and I'm sure you will have a good time learning Englis...
 Learn and enjoying guiding lost child panda  to her mother panda using English conversation phrases. This English game have the total number of 750 questions over 21 genres! This game is very simple and I'm sure you will have a good time learning Englis...
 Learn English words the fun way!Category Conquest is an exciting language-learning game where you learn English words as you play.Shoot ducks, smash windows and matching pairs as you learn 100s of English words and conquer as many categories as you can....
 収録英単語ゲームの内容 :◆ 合計 12,000語◆ 英語 → 日本語◆ 日本語 → 英語 ◆ 日本語 → English Spelling◆ 英語リスニング ( Google TTS : Text-To-Speech 発音 )→ 日本語◆ 日本語 → 英単語のスペ...
 PHRASE MAZE is an engrossing LANGUAGE LEARNING PUZZLE GAME to actively learn ANY kinds of WORDS, PHRASES or SENTENCES!! Flashcard sets to learn ANY language can be imported for FREE from the QUIZLET flashcard website (www.quizlet.com). (n.b. This versio...
 Play an awesome GAME to learn key vocabulary for ANY SUBJECT you want to master!! The Lex game is a cross between Boggle, a crossword and mah jong, showing you hints for you to find the target words on the game board. Clear all the words and pass to the...
 **The Lite version features a selection of words from the full version. The full version contains over 200 words.Shuffled! Spelling Bee is a puzzle game to help improve your word recognition skills in a fun and relaxed way.The game features:- Ad Free & ...
 Shuffled! Spelling Bee is a puzzle game to help improve your word recognition skills in a fun and relaxed way.The game features:- Ad Free & No ingame purchases.- Easy to pickup gameplay.- A familiar colourful interface.- Onscreen notation for parents.- ...
 Eat your way through this audiobook trivia and show off your book smarts as you evolve from a curious little Bookworm to a voraciously hungry Bookopotamus!Just by playing you are helping Findaway World make donations to organizations with a focus on lit...
 Educational app for kids. The kids will learn with this app: the colors, alphabet, shapes and much more.In the app your son will learn:- The colors and relate things with colors- The numbers- The shapes and relate things to different shapes- To distingu...
 In the parent and child together single-mindedly, tap tap!To kill time for kids has become very great, simple game.Makes the sound when you tap out pig barks.The pig gone by tapping.And good luck coins clink sound resonates.★ WhenAnd try playing with ...
 ค้นหาตัวเลข จาก 1-96 หรือ 1-48หรือ ค้นหาตัวอักษร จาก A-Z หรือ ก-ฮ Find the numbers from 1-96 or 1-48Or search alphabetically from AZ or - Z.
 Kids Maths - kids games is a "cool math and fun games" for kids. This has been made especially so that you can have a good time with your children. Also making mathematics fun and cool for kids.  The rules of Kids Maths: Addition..... Look at the sum and calculate the answer. Tap the correct answer and go to the next question. This addictive game contains 4 different levels with 10 questions in each level.  A perfect addition games for kids to practice and enjoy.This is a good brain test. Start your kids learning loads of great skills by downloading this educational app.Do reward us with your reviews so that we get the encouragement to make new free apps for you.For suggestions and problem shooting contact us at appsresort@gmail.com .